Ablating the Posterior Heart: Cardioesophageal Fistula Complicating Radiofrequency Ablation in the Coronary Sinus.
Ablation of a concealed accessory pathway within a persistent left superior vena cava: role of the LocaLisa navigation system.
Ablation of atrial fibrillation in humans using a balloon-based ablation system: identification of the site of phrenic nerve damage using pacing maneuvers and CARTO.
Ablation of atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia in a patient with reversal of slow and fast pathways inputs into the atrioventricular node.
Ablation of atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia in a patient with tricuspid atresia guided by electroanatomic mapping.
Abnormal atrial depolarization associated with Chiari network?
Abnormal repolarization dynamics in a patient with KCNE1(G38S) who presented with torsades de pointes.
A broad complex tachycardia: what is the mechanism?
Absent Left Main Coronary Artery and Separate Ostia of Left Coronary System in a Patient with Holt-Oram Syndrome and Sinus Node Dysfunction.
A Case of 5-Fluorouracil-Induced Cardiac Arrest.
A case of aborted sudden cardiac death and consequent extreme electrical storm secondary to a metastatic cardiac tumor.
A case of a concealed type of Brugada syndrome with a J wave and mild ST-segment elevation in the inferolateral leads.
A case of severe gastroparesis: indigestion and weight loss after catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation.
Accelerated AV nodal conduction with use of procainamide in atrial fibrillation.
Acquired long QT syndrome: risperidone-facilitated triggered activity and Torsades de Pointes during complete AV block. I.
Acute symptomatic sinus bradycardia in a woman treated with pulse dose steroids for multiple sclerosis: a case report.
A dangerous fruit juice.
Adenosine-dependent concealed accessory pathway.
Adenosine-induced ventricular tachycardia.
A family with Andersen-Tawil syndrome and dilated cardiomyopathy.
A flatline electrocardiogram in lead II is a marker for right arm/right leg electrode switch.
A His bundle extrasystole can both induce and reverse 2:1 atrioventricular block.
All patients with heart failure and intraventricular conduction defect or dyssynchrony should not receive cardiac resynchronization therapy.
Alternate morphologies of QRS complex during a tachycardia: what is the mechanism?
Alternating biventricular pacing morphologies: what is the cause?
Aluminium-induced ventricular tachycardia.
An acute myocardial infarction case that survived an out-of-hospital cardiac arrest in which prominent ischemic J waves were documented.
An anorexic woman with convulsive loss of consciousness. Syncope or epileptic fits?
A Narrow QRS Tachycardia with Unusual Electrophysiological Characteristics: What Is the Mechanism?
Anatomical perspective on radiofrequency ablation of AV nodal reentry tachycardia after Mustard correction for transposition of the great arteries.
Andersen-Tawil syndrome. A diagnostic challenge.
An Elderly Unresponsive Patient.
An electrocardiografic mystery.
A new approach: Left atrial appendage occlusion, as an alternative to anticoagulant, to treat patient who suffered of atrial fibrillation, acute coronary syndrome and clopidogrel resistance.
Anorexia nervosa and second-degree atrioventricular block (Type I).
Antidromic reciprocating tachycardia: what is the mechanism of termination?
An unexpected finding in an asymptomatic patient with atrial fibrillation: cardiac angiosarcoma.
An unusual case of acute respiratory failure in a patient with pulmonary veins stenosis late after catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation: a case report and the review of the literature.
An unusual catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia not inducible at stress test.
An unusual cause of school refusal.
An Unusual Etiology for Bidirectional Ventricular Tachycardia.
Aortic intramural haematoma and chronic anticoagulation: role of transoesophageal echocardiography.
A rare complication of scorpion venom: atrial fibrillation.
Arrhythmias in heart transplant recipients.
Arrhythmias in tako-tsubo syndrome--benign or malignant?
Assessment of His-Purkinje reserve: what is the mechanism of block?
A supraventricular tachycardia terminated with ventricular pacing: what is the tachycardia mechanism?
Atrial fibrillation from thyroid storm.
Atrial Fibrillation Identified During Echocardiography in a Patient with Recurrent Cardioembolic Events: A Case Report.
Atrial Fibrillation in a 35-Year-Old Man with Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome.
Atrial fibrillation induced by carotid sinus massage.
Atrial fibrillation with hyperthyroidism in a 14-year-old male.
Atrial fibrillation with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome in epilepsy: A potentially fatal combination.
Atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia and changing axis deviation associated with scleroderma.
Atrial flutter: right, left, or both?
Atrial flutter a manifestation of cardiac tamponade.
Atrial flutter with cardiac tamponade as initial presentation of tuberculosis pericarditis.
Atrial tachycardia originating from the noncoronary aortic cusp and musculature connection with the atria: relevance for catheter ablation.
Atrial tachycardia with Wenckebach atrioventricular conduction mechanism: What is the origin of the beat following the pause?
Atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia ablation in the setting of bilateral femoral vein occlusion.
A twist on torsade: a prolonged QT interval on methadone.
Avoidance of Left Atrial Wall Puncture with Marked Atrial Septal Tenting during Attempted Septal Puncture for the Pulmonary Vein Cryoballoon Ablation Procedure.
A wide complex tachycardia with changing atrial activation sequence.
Bi-Ventricular Circulatory Support With the Abiomed AB5000 System in a Patient With Idiopathic Refractory Ventricular Fibrillation
Bilateral Pneumothoraces Following BiV ICD Placement: A Case of Buffalo Chest Syndrome.
Bipolar radiofrequency catheter ablation for refractory perimitral flutter: a case report.
Bradyarrhythmias Associated with Sofosbuvir Treatment.
Brugada-like early repolarisation pattern associated with acute pericarditis.
Brugada-like electrocardiographic changes induced by fever.
Brugada phenocopy in percutaneous coronary intervention of the right coronary artery.
Brugada sign in a multiple sclerosis patient: Relation to autonomic nervous system dysfunction and therapeutic dilemmas.
Brugada syndrome associated with supraventricular tachycardia: diagnostic and therapeutic strategies.
Brugada Syndrome Presenting as Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia-Ventricular Fibrillation Lasting 94 Seconds Recorded on an Ambulatory Monitor.
Cannabis induced asystole.
Cardiac arrest and ventricular tachycardia in Japanese-type apical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Cardiac arrhythmia induced by interferon beta-1a.
Cardiac conduction disturbances after an overdose of nefazodone and gabapentin.
Cardiac malignant lymphoma with atrial arrhythmias.
Cardiomyopathy related to antimalarial therapy with illustrative case report.
Cardioverter defibrillator implantation in a patient with double chambered right ventricle.
Case Report: Renal Sympathetic Denervation as a Tool for the Treatment of Refractory Inappropriate Sinus Tachycardia.
Case report of a Spanish patient with arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy and palmoplantar keratoderma without plakoglobin and desmoplakin gene modifications.
Catheter ablation in a patient with partial anomalous pulmonary venous return and atrial fibrillation.
Catheter ablation of anteroseptal accessory pathway in the non-coronary aortic sinus.
Catheter ablation of atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia in a patient with complete situs inversus, atrial septal defect and "inverse" persistent left superior vena cava.
Catheter ablation of focal atrial tachycardia from the aortic cusp: the role of electroanatomic mapping and intracardiac echocardiography.
Changing axis deviation during atrial fibrillation.
Characteristics of J wave-associated idiopathic ventricular fibrillation: role of drugs.
Ciprofloxacin-induced torsade de pointes.
Ciprofloxacin-induced torsade de pointes.
Cisplatin-induced hypomagnesemia and cardiac dysrhythmia.
Complete atrioventricular block as the first manifestation of noncompaction of the ventricular myocardium.
Complete AV-block secondary to lithium-clozapine therapy and relapsing multiple sclerosis in a bipolar patient.
Concomitant Wolff-Parkinson-White and Atrioventricular Nodal Reentrant Tachycardia: Which Pathway to Ablate?
Continuous veno-venous hemodialysis pseudoflutter.
Cox-Maze IV in Total Anomalous Pulmonary Venous Drainage After Sutureless Repair.
Cycle length alternation during pacing.
Delayed isolated hemothorax caused by temporary pacemaker: a case report.
Delayed recovery of anger-induced electrocardiographic T-wave alternans and T-wave inversion in a previously healthy woman.
Diagnosing Supraventricular Tachycardia: When Physical Examination Trumps the Electrocardiogram.
Dissociation between anterograde and retrograde conduction during transvenous cryoablation of parahissian accessory pathways.
Distinct Electrocardiographic Form of Idiopathic Ventricular Arrhythmia Originating From the Left Bundle Branch.
Double-exit transaortic sinus cusp ventricular tachycardia: an unusual form of idiopathic outflow tract tachycardia treated by radiofrequency catheter ablation.
Double potentials at successful catheter ablation site of left-sided retrograde accessory pathway: mitral isthmus block or conduction through coronary sinus musculature.
Dual-chamber pacemaker implantation via both superior vena cavae in a patient with persistent left superior vena cava.
Dual epicardial ventricular tachycardia: a tale of two VTs.
Dynamic Changes of QRS Morphology of Premature Ventricular Contractions During Ablation in the Right Ventricular Outflow Tract: A Case Report.
Dysrhythmiartifact.
Early repolarization syndrome: is it always benign?
ECG for physicians: Brugada syndrome.
Ectopic nodal structures in a patient with atrial tachycardia originating from the mitral valve annulus.
Elderly man with ICD shocks.
Electrical alternans as a manifestation of pulmonary embolism.
"Electrically silent" pulmonary veins connecting to the right atrium: does the atrium make the difference?
Electrocardiograms in a Woman With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Electrocardiographic applications of lead aVR.
Electrocardiographic findings after acute absinthe intoxication.
Entrainment of supraventricular tachycardia: what is the mechanism?
Entrainment versus resetting of a long RP tachycardia: what is the diagnosis?
Epicardial ablation of an arrhythmogenic left ventricular micro-aneurysm guided by fusion of electro-anatomical activation maps and computed tomography images.
Epicardial macroreentrant ventricular tachycardia associated with a left ventricular aneurysm.
Evidence for an intramural origin of idiopathic premature ventricular contractions successfully ablated within the great cardiac vein.
Extensive Intramural Esophageal Hematoma After Transesophageal Echocardiography During Atrial Fibrillation Ablation.
Extrusion of a regularly stimulating pacemaker.
Failure of transvenous ICD to terminate ventricular fibrillation in a patient with left ventricular noncompaction and polycystic kidneys.
Familial idiopathic atrial fibrillation with fetal bradyarrhythmia.
Fast atrial fibrillation and caecal volvulus--a case report and evidence based management.
Fast pathway ablation using cryotherapy for a patient with a long PR interval in sinus rhythm and AVNRT.
Fatal ventricular fibrillation in a patient with acute imidacloprid poisoning.
Fetal and neonatal presentation of long QT syndrome.
Fetal isovolumetric contraction time in a case of fetal tachyarrhythmia.
Fever-induced ST-segment elevation in a syncopal patient with Brugada syndrome.
Flecainide-associated bradycardia-dependent torsade de pointes: another potential mechanism of proarrhythmia.
Focal atrial tachycardia arising from a thebesian vein that communicates with the vein of Marshall.
From Atrial Fibrillation to Ventricular Fibrillation and Back.
Giant J Waves and ST-Segment Elevation Associated With Acute Gastric Distension.
Group Beating in a Woman With a DDD Pacemaker.
Heart block after herpes zoster reactivation.
Hepatico-tricuspid isthmus ablation for typical-like atrial flutter by femoral approach in absence of the inferior vena cava: use of magnetic navigation and three-dimensional mapping with image integration.
Herbal syncope: ginger-provoked bradycardia.
How to Manage Occult Atrial Fibrillation Detected on Long-Term Monitoring.
Hyperkalaemic cardiac arrhythmia with pacemaker/implantable cardioverter-defibrillator action disturbance.
Hypokalemia-induced ventricular fibrillation.
Hypothermia-induced J waves.
Hypothyroid patient with Brugada electrocardiographic waveforms: case report.
Identification of a conduction gap of the mitral isthmus by using a novel high-density mapping catheter.
Idiopathic mitral annular PVCs with multiple breakouts and preferential conduction unmasked by radiofrequency catheter ablation.
Idiopathic premature ventricular contractions arising from the intraventricular septum adjacent to the his bundle.
Images in cardiovascular medicine. Epicardial tachycardia originating from a persistent left superior vena cava.
Images in cardiovascular medicine. Esophageal diverticulum illustrated by barium swallow during left atrial catheter ablation for atrial fibrillation.
Images in cardiovascular medicine. FBI (fast broad irregular): a case for the Secret Service?
Images in cardiovascular medicine. Intermittent loss of second heart sound.
IMAGES IN CLINICAL MEDICINE. Cannon A Waves.
IMAGES IN CLINICAL MEDICINE. "Frog Sign" in Atrioventricular Nodal Reentrant Tachycardia.
Impedance changes on defibrillation coils after atrial fibrillation ablation: lead damage or electromechanical interference?
Implantable cardioverter-defibrillator storm: an unusual adverse effect of β₂-agonists.
Implantable cardioverter defibrillator lead endocarditis causing diffuse right atrial abscess and pulmonary artery embolism.
Implantation of a fully subcutaneous ICD in children.
Importance of bedside echocardiography for detection of unsuspected isolated right ventricular infarction as a cause of cardiovascular collapse.
Inadvertent electrical superior vena cava isolation during right pulmonary vein isolation.
Inappropriate shocks of implantable cardioverter-defibrillator during central venous access: A preventable complication.
Incessant ventricular tachycardia due to subacute thyroiditis.
Induction of ventricular tachycardia by alternate current due to an insufficiently grounded electrical system.
Intermittent atrioventricular block: what is the mechanism?
Intermittent atrioventricular block: what is the mechanism?
Intermittent right axis deviation in the presence of complete left bundle branch block.
Intracardiac thrombus causing systemic embolism in a child with idiopathic ventricular tachycardia and heterozygous activated protein C resistance.
Intractable Electrical Storm After Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting Originating in Abnormal Purkinje Fibers.
Is acquired short QT due to digitalis intoxication responsible for malignant ventricular arrhythmias?
Isolated left atrial standstill identified during catheter ablation.
Isolated tramadol overdose associated with Brugada ECG pattern.
Isoproterenol as an adjunct for treatment of idiopathic ventricular fibrillation storm in a pregnant woman.
Isoproterenol facilitation of slow pathway ablation in incessant dual atrioventricular nodal nonreentrant tachycardia.
Is the left atrial appendage electrically silent?
Is this atrial parasystole, atrial dissociation, or an artifact?
Juvenile dermatomyositis with a rare and remarkable complication: sinus bradycardia.
Late presentation of a cardiomyopathy provoked by sudden emotional stress.
Leadless pacing: The old with the new.
Left atrial tachycardia and inferior vena cava thrombotic occlusion complicating atrial fibrillation ablation successfully treated from the right subclavian vein.
Left bundle branch block with changing axis deviation.
Left persistent superior vena cava as a source of focal atrial arrhythmias: A late arrhythmia recurrence due to a latent proximal focus.
Left ventricular epicardial VVI pacing for a congenital complete heart block with severe myocardial dysfunction: shall epicardial pacing wires be positioned left?
Lewis lead enhances atrial activity detection in wide QRS tachycardia.
Lipomatous hypertrophy of the interatrial septum presenting as sick sinus syndrome.
Lipomatous Hypertrophy of the Interatrial Septum Presenting with Atrial Arrhythmias.
Long-standing sinus arrest due to the occlusion of sinus node artery during percutaneous coronary intervention: Clinical implications and management.
Management of a Patient With Electrical Storm: Role of Epicardial Catheter Ablation.
Management of severe hyperkalemia without hemodialysis: case report and literature review.
Massive pulmonary embolism mimicking electrocardiographic pattern of Brugada syndrome.
Multifocal atrial tachycardia caused by risperidone.
Multilevel block between pulmonary venous tachycardia and left atrium as a cause of regular tachycardia.
Multiple interatrial electrical connection after heart transplantation.
Myocardial infarction, symptomatic third degree atrioventricular block and pulmonary embolism caused by thalidomide: a case report.
Myopotentials leading to ventricular fibrillation detection after advisory defibrillator generator replacement.
Near-Fatal ICD Lead Dysfunction with Implications for ICD Testing.
Neonatal lupus erythematosus with complete congenital heart block and severe respiratory distress: anesthetic management for urgent pacemaker implantation.
New Features of Electrocardiogram in a Case Report of Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Cardiomyopathy: A Care-Compliant Article.
Noncontact mapping guided ablation of right ventricular outflow tract ectopy in a patient with interruption of the inferior vena cava and azygos continuation.
Noninfiltrating Adenocarcinoma of the Lung Causing ST-Segment Elevation.
Occurrence of de novo sustained monomorphic ventricular tachycardia induced after percutaneous transluminal alcohol septal myocardial ablation for hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy.
Pacemaker Malfunction Attributed to Multidetector Cardiac Computed Tomography.
Pacemaker with 2:1 hyperkalemic ventricular exit block.
Palpitations with alternating heart rate: what is the mechanism?
Paradoxical atrial undersensing: noise rate reversion or amplifier ringing?
Paradoxical thromboembolism despite prophylactic antithrombotic therapy in atrial fibrillation: A case report.
Paradoxical undersensing during atrial flutter: what is the mechanism?
Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation and Brain Freeze: A Case of Recurrent Co-Incident Precipitation From a Frozen Beverage.
Pause-dependent paroxysmal phase-4 atrioventricular block.
Pericardial effusion associated with subclinical hypothyroidism.
Persistent atrial standstill following the Cox-maze III procedure: reversal with sustained atrial pacing.
"Persistent Juvenile" T-Wave Pattern May Not Be Persistent: Case Series and Literature Review.
Persistent left superior vena cava associated with common type AV nodal reentrant tachycardia and AV reentrant tachycardia due to concealed left lateral accessory pathway.
Persistent ventricular fibrillation during therapeutic hypothermia and prolonged high-dose vasopressor therapy: case report.
Pharmacokinetics of pyridostigmine in a child with postural tachycardia syndrome.
Polymorphic ventricular tachycardia induced by coronary vasospasm: a malignant case of variant angina.
Post-pacemaker T-wave Inversions: Cardiac Memory.
Pregnancy and short-coupled torsades de pointes.
Prolonged ventricular pauses in an asymptomatic athlete with "apparent Mobitz type II second-degree atrioventricular block".
"Proud flesh" post permanent pacemaker.
Pseudoatrial Flutter Waves -- When a Flutter Is Not a Flutter.
Pseudo SVT in the pacemaker patient.
Pyoderma gangrenosum complicating pacemaker implant.
QTc prolongation and family history of sudden death in a patient with desmin cardiomyopathy.
Radiofrequency ablation of a left accessory pathway unmasks classic Chagas' disease ECG pattern.
Ranolazine safely decreases ventricular and atrial fibrillation in Timothy syndrome (LQT8).
Recovery from long lasting life-threatening ventricular arrhythmia associated with fulminant myocarditis.
Recurrence of RVOT PVCs with a marked shift of its exit point. Gradual elimination of arrhythmogenic focus by multisite approach.
Refractory Electrical Storm suppression by bretylium.
Regional ganglionated plexus ablation eliminated rapid firing in an electrically isolated pulmonary vein.
Remarkable thickening of right atrial wall in subjects with cardiac amyloidosis complicated with sick sinus syndrome.
Reproducibility of the T-wave alternans and dependence of T-wave alternans on the T-wave amplitude: 2 issues requiring immediate attention.
Retrograde placement of a defibrillator lead through the pulmonary valve.
Reversal of left bundle and His bundle potentials during wide complex tachycardia: what is the mechanism?
Right ventricular apical pacing: all right?
Right Ventricular Hypertrophy Along With Malignant Ventricular Arrhythmias: An Uncommon Case of Sarcoidosis at Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Right Ventricular Perforation Caused by a Pacing Catheter Two Weeks After Insertion in a Neonate With Congenital Atrioventricular Block.
Risk of atrial fibrillation with high-dose corticosteroids.
Risk of managed ventricular pacing in a patient with heart block.
Robotic catheter navigation within the left ventricle.
Safe and efficient isolation of a common inferior pulmonary vein aided by recent advancements in electroanatomical mapping.
Secondary prevention of sudden cardiac death in coronary artery spasm: is implantable cardioverter defibrillator always efficient?
Severe Bradycardia During Neurosurgical Procedure: Depth of Anesthesia Matters and Leads to a New Surrogate Model of the Trigeminocardiac Reflex: A Case Report.
Severe bradycardia in a stroke patient caused by a single low dose of escitalopram.
Severe hypothermia showing Osborn waves associated with transient atrial fibrillation and ST segment depression.
Severe tricuspid regurgitation and atrioventicular block caused by blunt thoracic trauma in an elderly woman.
Single site left ventricular pacing induced dyssynchrony and cardiomyopathy.
Spontaneous Coronary Dissection Masquerading as Benign Fascicular Ventricular Tachycardia.
ST-segment elevation: a common finding in severe hypercalcemia.
ST-segment elevation induced during the transseptal procedure for radiofrequency catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation.
ST segment elevation and new right bundle branch block: broadening the differential diagnosis.
Successful ablation for atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia in a patient with left atrial isomerism.
Successful ablation of right atriofascicular pathway guided by pathway potential recording despite catheter-induced mechanical pathway trauma.
Successful catheter ablation of idiopathic left ventricular tachycardia during sinus rhythm.
Successful epicardial ablation of idiopathic mitral annular ventricular tachycardia from the great cardiac vein.
Successful epicardial catheter ablation of a septal ventricular tachycardia after myocardial infarction.
Successful stenting of a left main coronary artery occlusion as a complication of RF ablation for Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.
Sudden cardiac death despite an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator in a young female with catecholaminergic ventricular tachycardia.
Sudden death on the treadmill.
Sudden onset of atrial flutter during continuous venovenous hemodialysis.
Suppression of storms of ventricular tachycardia by epicardial ablation of isolated delayed potential in noncompaction cardiomyopathy.
Sustained Multiple Railroad Tracks on Implantable Cardiac Defibrillator Interval Plots: Mechanisms and Management.
Symptomatic sinus tachycardia with perpetuating slow pathway: successful treatment with radiofrequency ablation.
Syncopal monomorphic ventricular tachycardia with pleomorphism, sensitive to antitachycardia pacing in a patient with Brugada syndrome.
TandemHeart as a Bridge to Recovery in Legionella Myocarditis.
Temporary third-degree atrioventricular block in a case of apical ballooning syndrome.
Termination of Ventricular Arrhythmia Using Acetaminophen in a Nonagenarian.
"The attack of the 52 cm lead": an unusual case of late cardiac perforation by a passive-fixation permanent pacemaker lead.
The clinical benefit of cardiac resynchronization therapy optimization using a device-based hemodynamic sensor in a patient with dilated cardiomyopathy: a case report.
The First Report of Bayés Syndrome in Hemodialysis Patient.
The pacemaker-twiddler's syndrome: an infrequent cause of pacemaker failure.
The perfect storm: Torsades de Pointes in a child with leukemia.
The progressed atrioventricular block associated with ticagrelor therapy may not require permanent pacemaker after acute coronary syndrome; it may be reversible.
Thoracoscopic microwave epicardial ablation: feasibility for the treatment of idiopathic sinus node tachycardia.
Thoracoscopic sympathectomy for incessant polymorphic ventricular tachycardia in chronic chagasic myocarditis--a case report.
Torsade-de-pointes in a patient under flecainide treatment, an unusual case of proarrhythmicity.
Torsade de pointes--a rare presentation of primary hyperaldosteronism.
Torsades de pointes with a severely prolonged QT interval induced by an initial low dose sotalol intake.
Transcatheter ablation through the cardiac veins in a patient with a biventricular device and left ventricular epicardial arrhythmias.
Transient sinus node dysfunction following sinus node artery occlusion due to radiofrequency catheter ablation of the septal superior vena cava-right atrium junction.
Transition from purkinje fiber-related rapid polymorphic ventricular tachycardia to sustained monomorphic ventricular tachycardia in a patient with a structurally normal heart: a case report.
Transition to wide QRS tachycardia: what is the mechanism?
Transmitral isthmus conduction alternans.
Triple Antithrombotic Therapy in Atrial Fibrillation Patients With an Indication for Oral Anticoagulation Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A Case-Based Review of the Current Evidence.
Twiddlers syndrome.
Type 1 Brugada Pattern Associated with Nicotine Toxicity.
Unresponsive ventricular tachycardia associated with aluminum phosphide poisoning.
UnSTEADy'ness in elderly: unexplained syncope induced by tachycardia in elderly with AV nodal disease and LV diastolic dysfunction.
Ventricular fibrillation after correct pacing in digoxin intoxication.
Ventricular fibrillation due to severe mitral valve prolapse.
Ventricular fibrillation following successful DC cardioversion for atrial fibrillation.
Ventricular Tachycardia and Resembling Acute Coronary Syndrome During Pheochromocytoma Crisis: A Case Report.
Ventricular tachycardia associated with hereditary magnesium-losing nephropathy.
Ventricular tachycardia complicating head-up tilt test: the role of coronary artery spasm.
Ventricular tachycardia in an ice-hockey player after a blunt chest trauma.
Ventricular tachycardia originating from the right ventricular outflow tract in a patient with dextrocardia.
Very abnormal T waves in a 37-year-old man.
Wenckebach-Second-Degree Heart Block and the Company It Keeps.
Wide complex tachycardia: an unusual presentation.
Wide Complex Tachycardia in a Patient With a History of Atrial Fibrillation.
Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome: A Stepwise Deterioration to Sudden Death.
