A Bed-Ridden Man with Sudden-Onset Dyspnea
A case of expressive-vocal amusia in a right-handed patient with left hemispheric cerebral infarction.
A Case of Recurrent Ischemic Stroke Involving Subacute, Progressive Intracranial Cerebral Arterial Sclerosis Prior to Diagnosis with JAK2-mutated Polycythemia Vera.
A Case Report of Ischemic Stroke in a Patient with Metastatic Gastric Cancer Secondary to Treatment with the Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Receptor-2 Inhibitor Ramucirumab
A Case Report of Locked-in Syndrome Due to Bilateral Vertebral Artery Dissection After Cervical Spine Manipulation Treated by Arterial Embolectomy.
A Concealed Intracranial Aneurysm Detected after Recanalization of an Occluded Vessel: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Acute Amnesia due to Isolated Mammillary Body Infarct.
Acute Basilar Artery Thrombosis.
Acute Bilateral Internal Carotid Occlusion from Embolization of Left Atrial Thrombus During Transesophageal Echocardiography: Case Report
Acute bilateral vision loss in emergency department: A case report
Acute Diagnosis and Management of Stroke Presenting Dizziness or Vertigo
Acute ischemia stroke: A rare and severe complication of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome.
Acute isolated trochlear nerve palsy in a patient with cavernous carotid aneurysm and visit-to-visit variability in systolic blood pressure.
Acute Occlusion of the Percheron Artery during Pregnancy: A Case Report and a Review of the Literature
Acute Onset Dystonia after Infarction of Premotor and Supplementary Motor Cortex.
Acute Posterior Multifocal Placoid Pigment Epitheliopathy Associated with Stroke: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Acute renal infarction and cardioembolic stroke in a patient with atrial fibrillation and hyperthyroid-induced cardiomyopathy: a case report.
Acute stroke from tumor embolus in a patient with cardiac sarcoma: Aspiration thrombectomy with Penumbra catheter.
Acute subdural hematoma secondary to cerebral venous sinus thrombosis: Case report and review of literature.
Alexia Without Agraphia in a Right-Handed Individual Following Right Occipital Stroke.
Amnestic syndrome of the subcallosal artery with additional penetrating vessel involvement.
A Myocardial Infarction During Intravenous Recombinant Tissue Plasminogen Activator Infusion for Evolving Ischemic Stroke
Anaplastic Large-Cell Lymphoma of the Left Ventricle Presenting With Arrhythmia and Cerebral Infarction due to Cardiogenic Embolism
Aneurysmal Subarachnoid and Spinal Hemorrhage Associated With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Anterior cerebral artery dissection diagnosed using high-resolution MRI
Antiphospholipid Syndrome - A Case Report of Pulmonary Thromboembolism, Followed with Acute Myocardial Infarction in Patient with Systemic Sclerosis
An Unusual Case of Hemiballism-Hemichorea Associated with Nonketotic Hyperglycemia in Association with a Centrum Semiovale Stroke
Aphasia 1 Week After Carotid Endarterectomy: Hypoperfusion or Hyperperfusion?
Apraxic agraphia following thalamic damage: Three new cases.
A Rare Cause of a Cerebrovascular Accident in a Renal Transplant Recipient: Corpus Callosum Infarction
A review of the role of anticoagulation for patients with infective endocarditis and embolic stroke.
A Right Middle Cerebral Artery Infarct After Frontal Eosinophilic Granuloma Resection in an 8-Year-Old Boy with Factor V Leiden
Arm Ischemia and Posterior Stroke in a Patient With a Pulsatile Mass in the Right Upper Side of Chest. Innominate artery pseudoaneurysm.
Assessment of a shoulder orthosis prototype setting the upper limb in a functional posture: A single case report
Atrial Fibrillation Identified During Echocardiography in a Patient with Recurrent Cardioembolic Events: A Case Report.
Atypical Presentation of Intracardiac Floating Thrombi in Hypereosinophilic Syndrome Complicated With Stroke and Systemic Embolization: A Case Report.
A Woman With a Novel Mutation of THAP1 With a Prominent Response to Deep Brain Stimulation of the Globus Pallidus Internus
A Woman With Right Hand and Leg Discoordination.
Axial myoclonus after ischemic stroke.
Bilateral Eagle Syndrome with Associated Internal Carotid Artery Kinking and Significant Stenosis.
Bilateral internal carotid artery dissection associated with prior syphilis: a case report and review of the literature
Bilateral Medial Medullary Infarction with Nondominant Vertebral Artery Occlusion.
Bilateral occipital strokes from an atherosclerotic trigeminal artery
Bilateral pial synangiosis in a child with PHACE syndrome.
Bladder storage disorder due to detrusor overactivity in a patient with acute medial medullary infarction.
Bradycardia caused by intravenous nicardipine in an elderly patient with acute ischemic infarct
Brain Magnetic Resonance with Negative Diffusion-Weighted Imaging: Does It Preclude Acute Stroke Diagnosis?
Bridging anticoagulation for interruption of warfarin in a patient with atrial fibrillation.
Bubbles, bubbles, here and there: a case of acquired systemic to pulmonary venous shunt.
Callosal disconnection syndrome after ischemic stroke of the corpus callosum due to meningococcal meningitis: A case report
Caloric Vestibular Stimulation Reduces Pain and Somatoparaphrenia in a Severe Chronic Central Post-Stroke Pain Patient: A Case Study.
Cancer-related multiple brain infarctions caused by Trousseau syndrome in a patient with metastatic colon cancer: a case report
Can low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation precipitate a late-onset seizure in a stroke patient?
Cardiac Myxoma With Unusual Obstructive and Embolic Presentations
Cardioembolic stroke
Carotid Body Tumor as a Cause of Stroke
Carotid Endarterectomy in the Face of a Persistent Hypoglossal Artery
Case of Cerebral Amyloid Angiopathy-Related Inflammation - Is the Absence of Cerebral Microbleeds A Good Prognostic Sign?
CASE RECORDS of the MASSACHUSETTS GENERAL HOSPITAL. Case 10-2016. A 22-Year-Old Man with Sickle Cell Disease, Headache, and Difficulty Speaking.
CASE RECORDS of the MASSACHUSETTS GENERAL HOSPITAL. Case 29-2015. A 38-Year-Old Pregnant Woman with Headache and Visual Symptoms.
Case Report: Acute Cerebellar Thrombosis in an Adult Patient with IgM Nephropathy
Case report of a young stroke patient showing interim normalization of the MRI diffusion-weighted imaging lesion.
Case report of optic atrophy in Dentatorubropallidoluysian Atrophy (DRPLA)
Castleman disease variant of POEMS syndrome complicated with multiple cerebral infarction: a rare case report and review of literature.
Catastrophic Antiphospholipid Syndrome: Scintigraphic Demonstration With Correlated Cross-Sectional Imaging.
Central Nervous System Melioidosis Mimics Malignancy: A Case Report and Literature Review
Cerebellar Hemorrhage Presenting with Ventricular Tachycardia
Cerebral Air Embolism with Pneumomediastinum Resulting from Emesis: A Case Report
Cerebral Arteriopathy in a Newborn With Incontinentia Pigmenti.
Cerebral Autosomal Dominant Arteriopathy with Subcortical Infarcts and Leukoencephalopathy with a Novel NOTCH3 Cys323Trp Mutation Presenting Border-Zone Infarcts: A Case Report and Literature Review
Cerebral embolism complicating left atrial myxoma: a case report
Cerebral Fat Embolism: A Case of Rapid-Onset Coma
Cerebral fat embolism syndrome mimicking thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura in a patient with hemoglobin SC disease
Cerebral foreign body reaction after carotid aneurysm stenting
Cerebral infarction caused by a heart-breaking needle: a case report.
Cerebrovascular Accident due to Thyroid Storm: Should We Anticoagulate?
Cervical fracture from chronic steroid usage presenting as a stroke: A case report
Cervical Posterior Spinal Artery Syndrome: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Childhood acute basilar artery thrombosis successfully treated with mechanical thrombectomy using stent retrievers: case report and review of the literature
Chiropractic Response to a Spontaneous Vertebral Artery Dissection.
Claude's Syndrome without Ptosis Caused by a Midbrain Infarction
Clinical Reasoning: A 50-year-old man with "elephantiasis" and headache
Clinical Reasoning: A 58-year-old man with right facial numbness
Clinical Reasoning: An 87-year-old woman with left-sided numbness.
CNS vasculitis and stroke as a complication of DOCK8 deficiency: a case report
Combination refusion therapy for a hemodynamically unstable patient with acute myocardial infarction complicated by acute ischemic stroke within a time window.
Common carotid artery dissection caused by radiotherapy: A case report
Compensating arithmetic ability with derived fact strategies in Broca's aphasia: a case report.
Congenital Absence of Left Atrial Appendage in a Patient with Intracranial Hemorrhage
Cortical Hemiballism: A Case of Hemiballismus Associated with Parietal Lobe Infarct.
Critical MRI markers in transient ischemic attack.
Decompressive craniectomy 116 h after malignant middle cerebral artery infarction.
Decompressive craniectomy for massive internal carotid artery infarction after pediatric penetrating neck trauma.
Delayed cerebral ischemia associated with reversible cerebral vasoconstriction in a patient with Moyamoya disease with intraventricular hemorrhage: Case report.
Devastating recurrent brain ischemic infarctions and retinal disease in pediatric patients with CD59 deficiency.
Development of De Novo Arteriovenous Malformation Following Ischemic Stroke: Case Report and Review of Current Literature.
Diffuse corpus callosum infarction - Rare vascular entity with differing etiology.
Diffuse Fluid-Attenuated Inversion Recovery Hyperintensity in Subarachnoid Space Following Cerebral Angiography and Intravenous Thrombolysis.
Dilemma in the emergency setting: hypomagnesemia mimicking acute stroke
Dissection of a Limb of a Vertebral Artery Fenestration: Case Report.
Dolichoectasia in vertebrobasilar arteries presented as transient ischemic attacks: A case report.
Double Disassociation of Anosognosia for Alexia and Simultanagnosia but Quantitative Awareness of Optic Ataxia.
Double ophthalmic arteries arising from the internal carotid artery: a case report of a hidden second ophthalmic artery.
Dynamic Angiographic Nature of Cerebral Mycotic Aneurysms in Patients With Infective Endocarditis.
Effective ADAPT Thrombectomy in a Patient with Acute Stroke due to Cardiac Papillary Elastofibroma: Histological Thrombus Confirmation
Embolic Stroke Caused by Staphylococcus lugdunensis Endocarditis Complicating Vasectomy in a 36-Year-Old Man
Embolic Stroke due to a Common Carotid Artery Thrombus in a Young Patient with Severe Iron-Deficiency Anemia without Thrombocytosis
Embolic stroke secondary to spontaneous thrombosis of unruptured intracranial aneurysm: Report of three cases.
Embolization of Left Atrial Appendage Thrombus During Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement: A Potential Mechanism of Periprocedural Stroke.
Emergency microsurgical embolectomy in acute ischemic stroke with diffusion-negative MRI.
Emergency Superficial Temporal Artery to Middle Cerebral Artery Bypass After Intravenous Administration of Tissue Plasminogen Activator for Stroke.
Feasibly and tolerance of a rehabilitation program combined with iterative tDCS stimulations for hemiplegic patients after stoke: A case-report study
Fenestration of the middle cerebral artery in a patient who presented with transient ischemic attack.
Fetal hydrocephalus and neonatal stroke as the first presentation of protein C deficiency
First Case Report of the Antemortem Diagnosis of Nonbacterial Thrombotic Endocarditis of a Mechanical Prosthetic Valve
Fulminant Vasculitis Associated with Extracranial Dissections and Occlusion, Ischemic Strokes, and Aneurysm Rupture: Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Gas Embolic Stroke Secondary to Bowel Infarction.
Generalized Lymphadenopathy as Presenting Feature of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: Case Report and Review of the Literature
Giant Cell Arteritis as a Cause of Myocarditis and Atrial Fibrillation.
Giant Thrombosed Intracranial Aneurysm
Glioblastoma complicated by fatal malignant acute ischemic stroke: MRI finding to assist in tricky surgical decision
Glioblastoma multiform with ipsilateral carotid artery stenosis: carotid artery stent promote tumor growth?
HaNDL syndrome in a 14-year-old girl
Hashimoto Encephalopathy Presenting With Stroke-Like Episodes in an Adolescent Female: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Headache and transient visual loss as the only presenting symptoms of vertebral artery dissection: a case report.
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis with leukoencephalopathy in a patient with dermatomyositis accompanied with peripheral T-cell lymphoma: a case report
Hemorrhagic stroke following use of the synthetic marijuana "spice".
Hemorrhagic stroke in children caused by Bothrops marajoensis envenoming: a case report
Hepatic artery vasoconstriction associated with reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome.
Herpes Simplex Viral Encephalitis Masquerading as a Classic Left MCA Stroke
HIV/AIDS presenting with stroke-like features caused by cerebral Nocardia abscesses: a case report
Honeycomb-like appearance in the brain of a former boxer with hyperhomocysteinemia, severe carotid disease and hemorrhagic stroke.
Hyperdensity of the Basilar Artery on Postmortem CT: A Potential Indicator for Basilar Artery Thrombosis.
IMAGES IN CLINICAL MEDICINE. Secondary Palatal Myoclonus.
Images in Clinical Medicine. Spontaneous Retropharyngeal Hematoma.
Imaging Evidence for Cerebral Hyperperfusion Syndrome after Intravenous Tissue Plasminogen Activator for Acute Ischemic Stroke
Importance of perioperative management for emergency carotid artery stenting within 24 h after intravenous thrombolysis for acute ischemic stroke: Case report
Indirect and direct revascularization of ACTA2 cerebral arteriopathy: feasibility of the superficial temporal artery to anterior cerebral artery bypass with posterior auricular artery interposition graft: case report.
Inducible limb-shaking transitory ischemic attacks: a video-documented case report and review of the literature
Infarction of the choroid plexus in basilar artery occlusion
Infectious Mononucleosis Complicated with Acute Cerebral Infarction: A Case Report.
Infundibular Hemangioblastoma in a Patient with Neurofibromatosis Type 1: Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Injury of the lower ascending reticular activating system in a patient with cerebral infarct.
Injury of the lower portion of the ascending reticular activating system in a patient with intraventricular hemorrhage.
Injury of the thalamocingulate tract in the Papez circuit by ventriculoperitoneal shunt: A case report
Interhemispheric approach for endoscopic ligation of an anterior cranial fossa dural arteriovenous fistula.
Intracranial subdural hematomas with elevated rivaroxaban concentration and subsequently detected spinal subdural hematoma: A case report
Intraoperative Neurophysiological Evidence of Hydrogen Peroxide-Induced Stroke in Insular Tumor Surgery
Intravenous Thrombolysis after Reversal of Dabigatran by Idarucizumab: A Case Report
Intravenous thrombolysis for acute stroke in a patient on treatment with rivaroxaban
Intravenous thrombolysis in wake-up stroke in a 92-year-old patient under dabigatran.
Ipsilateral Facial Tactile Hypesthesia in a Patient with Lateral Medullary Syndrome.
Ischemic and Hemorrhagic Strokes due to Eosinophilic Granulomatosis with Polyangiitis
Ischemic Cervical Myelopathy Caused by Vertebral Artery Dissection: The Clinical Utility of a Motor-evoked Potential Study
Ischemic Stroke After Wasp Sting
Ischemic stroke in a young adult with extremely elevated lipoprotein(a): A case report and review of literature
Ischemic stroke in a young patient with Fahr's disease: a case report.
Ischemic Stroke of the Spinal Cord: A Pediatric Emergency in an Otherwise Healthy Child
Is intimal hyperplasia associated with cranial arterial stenosis in cannabis-associated cerebral infarction?
Is It Exertional Heatstroke or Something More? A Case Report.
Isolated cerebellar-type hemiataxia in a thalamic infarction.
Isolated Lingual Dyskinesia in Multiple Sclerosis
Isolated Medial Rectus Nuclear Palsy as a Rare Presentation of Midbrain Infarction.
Journal of Stroke and Cerebrovascular Diseases
Lambl’s Excrescence Associated with Cryptogenic Stroke: A Case Report and Literature Review
Left-insular damage, autonomic instability, and sudden unexpected death in epilepsy
Left Ventricular Myxoma Leading to Stroke: A Rare Case Report.
Leucine-Rich Glioma Inactivated-1 and Voltage-Gated Potassium Channel Autoimmune Encephalitis Associated with Ischemic Stroke: A Case Report
Limb-Shaking TIA Presenting as Hemichorea-Hemiballismus: TIA Chameleons Diagnostic Challenge in the Emergency Department
Locked-In Syndrome: Case Report and Discussion of Decisional Capacity
Lyme Neuroborreliosis: A Potentially Preventable Cause of Stroke.
Malignant cerebral edema following cranioplasty.
Malignant isolated cortical vein thrombosis with type II protein S deficiency: a case report
Malignant Middle Cerebral Artery Infarction Resulting from Dissection of Middle Cerebral Artery.
Malposition of an atrial pacemaker lead crossing through patent foramen ovale in a patient with ischemic stroke.
Massive ischemic stroke as a complication of otitis media.
Mechanical thrombectomy in cardiac myxoma stroke: a case report and review of the literature
Mechanical thrombectomy using the Solitaire stent in a left main coronary artery: A novel approach to coronary thrombus retrieval.
Mechanical thrombectomy with 'ADAPT' technique by transcervical access in acute ischemic stroke
Mechanisms of Lethal Cerebrovascular Accidents in Turner Syndrome.
Metronidazole Toxicity in Cockayne Syndrome: A Case Series.
Metronome Cueing of Walking Reduces Gait Variability after a Cerebellar Stroke
Midbrain and bilateral paramedian thalamic stroke due to artery of Percheron occlusion
Middle-Aged Woman With Shock
Middle Cerebral Artery Occlusion Presenting as Upper Limb Monochorea
Mitochondrial Encephalomyopathy Lactic Acidosis and Stroke-Like Episodes (MELAS): A Case Report and Critical Reappraisal of Treatment Options.
Mitochondrial Encephalopathy and Optic Neuropathy Due to m.10158 MT-ND3 Complex I Mutation Presenting in an Adult Patient: Case Report and Review of the Literature
Multifocal dystonia as a manifestation of acute midbrain infarction.
Multiple Cerebral Infarctions in a Patient with Adenomyosis on Hormone Replacement Therapy: A Case Report
Multiple Dural and Pial Arteriovenous Fistulae in a Twenty-Four-Year-Old Woman in the Setting of Superior Sagittal Sinus Thrombosis: Case Report and Review of Literature
Mystery of a cryptogenic stroke solved by an abdominal angiogram.
ndovascular Treatment of Basilar Artery Thrombosis Secondary to Bilateral Vertebral Artery Dissection with Symptom Onset Following Cervical Spine Manipulation Therapy
Neurological Involvement in the Course of Scleromyxedema: A Case Report
Neuromuscular control of curved walking in people with stroke: Case report.
Neuroprotective Effect of Erythropoietin in Postoperation Cervical Spinal Cord Injury: Case Report and Review
Non-infective endocarditis with systemic embolization and recurrent stroke in systemic sclerosis
Non-invasive cardiac imaging to unmask a very uncommon aetiology of an embolic stroke
Nonbacterial thrombotic endocarditis with embolic cerebral vascular accidents in a patient with advanced, recurrent clear cell carcinoma of the ovary: A case report
Nonketotic Hyperglycemia Presenting as Monoballism
Novel POLG mutation in a patient with sensory ataxia, neuropathy, ophthalmoparesis and stroke.
ntraventricular Silicone Oil: A Case Report.
Occipital Sinus Thrombosis: An Exceptional Case Report.
Oral verapamil in the prevention of recurrent cerebral ischaemia due to post-stent vasospasm
Pain reduction associated with improved functional interhemispheric balance following transcranial direct current stimulation for post-stroke central pain: A case study.
Patterns in the collaboration of practitioners and researchers in the use of electrical stimulation to treat stroke patients: a literature review.
Pediatric Giant Cell Glioblastoma Mimicking Hemorrhage Secondary to Ischemic Stroke.
Pediatric Homonymous Superior Quadrantanopia in the Presence of Acute Vertebral Artery Dissection.
Perforation of superior thyroid artery by guidewire during carotid artery stenting
Perioperative stroke in a patient undergoing surgery for oral cancer: A case report
Pisa-Like Syndrome Under Baclofen in a Patient With Spastic Hemiparesis due to Ischemic Stroke.
Pontine Infarct Presenting with Atypical Dental Pain: A Case Report
Post-stroke hypersomnia.
Post-thrombolysis hemorrhage in a patient with hypothyroidism and acute ischemic stroke: Case report
Poster 212 Functional Improvement through Inpatient Rehabilitation in a Patient with Hyperkinetic Movement Disorder Secondary to Thalamic and Basal Ganglia Stroke: A Case Report
Poster 226 Unusual Presentation of Eight and a Half Syndrome in a Patient with Acute Pontine Medullary Stroke: A Case Report
Poster 23 An Unusual Cause of Leg Pain in a Stroke Patient: A Case Report
Poster 283 Improvement in Compensation for Chronic Post-Stroke Homonymous Hemianopsia following Initiation of an SSRI: A Case Report
Poster 302 Hemiballism in Middle Cerebral Artery Stroke Improved by Conventional Rehabilitation Therapy: A Case Report
Poster 343 Posterior Circulation Stroke with Secondary Vestibulopathy: A Case Report.
Poster 64 Ischemic Stroke after Routine Cardiac Catheterization: A Case Report
Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) after bariatric surgery--a potential consequence associated with rapid withdrawal of antihypertensive medications
Postpartum Ischemic Stroke in Moyamoya Disease Associated with Protein Z Deficiency—A Case Report
Preservation of retinal structure and function after cilioretinal artery occlusion: a case report.
Progressive bilateral ophthalmoparesis--a case of simultaneous autoimmunity: balancing Graves' ophthalmoparesis and ocular myasthenia.
Prothrombin G20210A Mutation in a 53-Year-Old Male Patient with Deep Vein Thrombosis.
Pseudobulbar palsy due to bilateral injuries of corticobulbar tracts in a stroke patient
Psychosis following a stroke to the cerebellum and midbrain: a case report
Pure Motor Stroke Secondary to Cerebral Infarction of Recurrent Artery of Heubner after Mild Head Trauma: A Case Report
Rapid endovascular treatment for stroke.
Reappraisal of Microsurgical Revascularization for Anterior Circulation Ischemia in Patients with Progressive Stroke
Recanalization and Remarkable Outcome after Subocclusive Thrombus: A Case Report.
Recovery From Locked-in Syndrome.
Recovery of an injured corticoreticulospinal tract in a patient with pontine hemorrhage
Recovery of Hypersomnia Concurrent With Recovery of an Injured Ascending Reticular Activating System in a Stroke Patient: A Case Report.
Recurrent cerebral ischaemic events in the setting of paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria.
Recurrent ischemic stroke can happen in stroke patients very early after intravenous thrombolysis
Recurrent Stroke-Like Episodes in FBXL4-Associated Early-Onset Mitochondrial Encephalomyopathy.
Reduced Anticoagulant Effect of Dabigatran in a Patient Receiving Concomitant Phenytoin.
Remote intracerebral hemorrhage followed by re-bleeding after intravenous thrombolysis in a patient taking a non-vitamin K antagonist oral anticoagulant: A case report
Reorganization of the corticospinal tract to anterior area of corona radiata infarct.
Report of a delayed seizure after low frequency repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in a chronic stroke patient
Report of cold agglutinins in a patient with acute ischemic stroke
Report of Dramatic Improvement after a Lumboperitoneal Shunt Procedure in a Case of Anticoagulation Therapy-Resistant Cerebral Venous Thrombosis.
Reverse Apical Ballooning Echocardiographic Pattern in Eclampsia-Related Cardiomyopathy.
Reversible diffusion weighted imaging hyperintensities during the acute phase of ischemic stroke in pediatric moyamoya disease: a case report.
Rheumatoid Meningitis Presenting With Multiple Strokelike Episodes.
Role of Vascular Disease in Alzheimer-Like Progressive Cognitive Impairment.
Secondary SUNCT syndrome caused by dorsolateral medullary infarction
Severe Cerebral Vasospasm and Childhood Arterial Ischemic Stroke After Intrathecal Cytarabine.
Severe MCA stroke without MCA occlusion? Thrombectomy uncovers accessory middle cerebral artery.
Should This Patient With Ischemic Stroke Receive Fluoxetine?
Significant motor improvement in an infant with congenital heart disease and a rolandic stroke: The impact of early intervention.
Slowly progressive Lemierre's syndrome with orbital pain and exophthalmos
SMART (stroke-like migraine attack after radiation therapy) syndrome: a case report with review of the literature.
Spinal cord and cranial Bing-Neel Syndrome complicated by cerebral ischemia: A case report
Spinal Cord Infarction in a Patient with Hereditary Spherocytosis: A Case Report and Discussion.
Spontaneous Bilateral Vertebral Artery Dissection During a Basketball Game: A Case Report
Spontaneous hemothorax resulting from tissue plasminogen activator in a patient with ischemic stroke and unrecognized recent myocardial infarction.
Spontaneous Splenic Rupture Following Intravenous Thrombolysis with Alteplase Applied as Stroke Therapy - Case Report and Review of Literature.
Stenting for Internal Carotid Artery Stenosis Associated with Persistent Primitive Hypoglossal Artery Using Proximal Flow Blockade and Distal Protection System: A Technical Case Report and Literature Review.
Striking Central Pontine Myelinolysis in a Patient With Alcohol Dependence Syndrome Without Hyponatremia.
Stroke as the Initial Manifestation of the Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Stroke With Valve Tissue Embolization During Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement Treated With Endovascular Intervention.
Successful Endovascular Treatment of Unbenign Spontaneous Dissection of the Left Internal Carotid Artery Combining Advanced Carotid and Coronary Techniques
Successful Systemic Thrombolysis in an Adolescent With Acute Ischemic Stroke
Successful Systemic Thrombolysis in an Adolescent With Acute Ischemic Stroke
Successful thrombolysis with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator after antagonizing dabigatran by idarucizumab: a case report
Successful treatment with intravenous recombinant tissue plasminogen activator in an acute stroke patient presenting with hemiballism
Successful Use of Intravenous Tissue Plasminogen Activator as Treatment for a Patient with Cerebral Autosomal Dominant Arteriopathy with Subcortical Infarcts and Leukoencephalopathy: A Case Report and Review of Literature.
Sudden Death Due to Undiagnosed Rheumatic Heart Disease in a Child.
Surgical treatment of pituitary apoplexy in association with hemispheric infarction
Susceptibility-weighted imaging in stroke-like migraine attacks after radiation therapy syndrome.
Symptomatic stroke complicating central skull base osteomyelitis following otitis media in a 2-year old boy: Case report and review of the literature
Syncope in Patient with Bilateral Severe Internal Carotid Arteries Stenosis/Near Occlusion: A Case Report and Literature Review
Syringomyelia Caused by Traumatic Intracranial Hypotension: Case Report and Literature Review.
Systemic air embolism causing acute stroke and myocardial infarction after percutaneous transthoracic lung biopsy-a case report
Teaching NeuroImages: Hyperintense acute reperfusion marker in ischemic stroke with transient symptoms.
Teaching NeuroImages: Isolated peripheral facial palsy due to ipsilateral pontine infarction.
Technical Description of the Medial and Lateral Anterior Temporal Approach for the Treatment of Complex Proximal Posterior Cerebral Artery Aneurysms.
The Clot Strikes Thrice: Case Report of a Patient with 3 Concurrent Embolic events 
The Penumbra System for the Treatment of Acute Ischemic Stroke: Report of Two Cases
The potential role of the left atrial septal pouch in cryptogenic stroke
Therapeutic Approach of a High Functioning Individual With Traumatic Brain Injury and Subsequent Emotional Volatility With Features of Pathological Laughter and Crying With Dextromethorphan/Quinidine.
Thrombectomy using a stent retriever with artificially induced vertebral artery vasospasm in a patient with acute basilar artery occlusion: a case report.
Thromboembolic events after transcatheter aortic valve implantation
Thrombolysis, Complete Recanalization, Diffusion Reversal, and Luxury Perfusion in Hyperacute Stroke
Thrombolysis for acute stroke in patient with systemic lupus erythematosus: A case report.
Thrombolysis for Ischemic Stroke during Pregnancy: A Case Report and Review of the Literature
'Too much of a coincidence': identical twins with exertional heatstroke in the same race
Transient ischemic attack during smoking: The thrombotic state of erythrocytes and platelets illustrated visually.
Transient ischemic attack presenting in an elderly patient with transient ophthalmic manifestations
Transient Ischemic Attacks Presenting with Dizziness or Vertigo.
Transient isolated ocular motor abnormality related to perilesional edema of an acute medullary microbleed: A case report and review of the literatures.
Treatment of internal carotid artery dissection with Willis covered stent: A case report of recurrent limb weakness and no response to medical therapy.
Two Cases of Cerebrovascular Accidents in Neonates With Incontinentia Pigmenti
Vascular Complications of Varicella: Description of 4 Cases and a Review of Literature
Vasospastic Amaurosis Fugax Diagnosed by Cerebral Angiography
Wallenberg Syndrome: An Exceptional Cause of Acute Vertigo in Children.
Warfarin-Resistant Deep Vein Thrombosis during the Treatment of Acute Ischemic Stroke in Lung Adenocarcinoma
Worsening Cervical Epidural Hematoma After Tissue Plasminogen Activator Administration for Stroke Like Symptoms
