 68-year-old woman with chronic cough and recurrent pleural effusions
 84-year-old man with respiratory distress and abdominal distention
 A 19-year-old woman with intracranial hemorrhage and diffuse pulmonary infiltrates
 A 55-year-old man with a prosthetic mitral valve and multiorgan failure
 A 59-year-old man considering implantation of a cardiac defibrillator
 A case of congenital cardiomyopathy with acute heart failure
 A case of recurrent gastrointestinal bleeding and protein-losing gastroenteropathy
A Curious Case of Acute Myocardial Calcifications.
 Acute cardiac failure after sunitinib
 Acute cardiopulmonary failure in a young man
 Acute exacerbations of fibrotic hypersensitivity pneumonitis: a case series
 Acute heart failure due to midaortic occlusion as the initial manifestation of Takayasu arteritis
 Acute hemodynamic changes in percutaneous transluminal septal coil embolization for hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy
 Acute myocarditis demonstrated on CT coronary angiography with MRI correlation
 A gastrointestinal cause for heart failure
 A guide to difficult right ventricular pacemaker lead insertion
A heartbreaking pleasure.
 A heartless patient
 A late complication of a patent foramen ovale amplatzer occluder device
 A lost "pinball" in the left atrium
 An 82-year-old woman with worsening hypertension: review of renal artery stenosis
 An 86-year-old woman with cardiac cachexia contemplating the end of her life: review of hospice care
 Aneurysm of aberrant right subclavian artery (arteria lusoria) presenting as cardiac dyspnoea
 A novel cardiac MRI protocol to guide successful cardiac resynchronization therapy implantation
 An undiagnosed bicuspid aortic valve can result in severe left ventricular failure
An unexpected cause of cardiomyopathy revealed by arrhythmias and conduction disorders in an athlete.
 An unexpected finding during planned primary percutaneous coronary angioplasty
An unusual case of left ventricle noncompaction.
 An unusual heart failure: cardiac amyloidosis due to light-chain myeloma
 Aorta to right atrial tunnel prenatal: diagnosis and transcatheter management in a neonate
 A palpable source of stroke
A patient with biventricular apical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: The use of longitudinal strain to detect myocardial dysfunction.
Are Zebras Simply Striped Horses?
Arrhythmogenic Left Ventricular Cardiomyopathy: Suspected by Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Confirmed by Identification of a Novel Plakophilin-2 Variant.
 Assessment of percutaneous catheter treatment of paravalvular prosthetic regurgitation
 A stone heart: fatal cardiac microcalcification
 A surgeon's eye view noninvasively
Asymmetric hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in generalized lipodystrophy.
 beta-blockade with nebivolol for prevention of acute ischaemic events in elderly patients with heart failure
 Bidirectional ventricular tachycardia
 Bilateral percutaneous pulmonary valve implantation in dual conduits from the subpulmonary ventricle to the pulmonary arteries
 Bioprosthetic leaflet erosion after percutaneous mitral paravalvular leak closure
 Burr induced guide-tip damage during rotational atherectomy of an aberrant left main stem
 Carbomedics bi-leaflet aortic valve prosthesis: a sticky problem
 Cardiac amyloidosis, a monoclonal gammopathy and a potentially misleading mutation
 Cardiac amyloidosis: a treatable disease, often overlooked
 Cardiac beta-myosin heavy chain defects in two families with non-compaction cardiomyopathy: linking non-compaction to hypertrophic, restrictive, and dilated cardiomyopathies
 Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging for differentiating new-onset right-sided heart failure
Cardiac MRI in a young man with suspected arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (ARVC).
 Cardiac resynchronization therapy for low-flow, low-gradient aortic stenosis
 Cardiac resynchronization therapy for the causal treatment of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: insight from a pressure-volume loop analysis
 Cardiac resynchronization therapy with individualized placement of two left ventricular leads at the sites of latest mechanical left ventricular contraction: guided by 3D-echocardiography and coronary sinus rotation angiography
Cardiac sarcoidosis: Matching speckle tracking echocardiography to macroscopic Ventricular pathology (a case report).
 Cardiac sarcoidosis concealed by arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia/cardiomyopathy
 Cardiomyopathy induced by pulmonary vein tachycardia cured by catheter ablation
 Cardiovascular adverse effects during itraconazole therapy
 Cardiovascular flashlight. Magnetic resonance assessment of fibrosis in systemic right ventricle after atrial switch procedure
 Cardiovascular flashlight. Persistent truncus arteriosus: a rare finding in adults
Carvajal syndrome with oligodontia, hypoacusis, recurrent infections, and noncompaction.
 Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital: Case 39-2009--a 28-year-old pregnant woman with acute cardiac failure
 Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Case 11-2011. A 47-year-old man with systemic lupus erythematosus and heart failure
 Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Case 12-2007. A 56-year-old woman with renal failure after heart-lung transplantation
CASE RECORDS of the MASSACHUSETTS GENERAL HOSPITAL. Case 22-2016. A 65-Year-Old Man with Syncope, Dyspnea, and Leg Edema.
Case Records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Case 30-2015: A 50-Year-Old Man with Cardiogenic Shock.
 Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Case 34-2006. A 72-year-old woman with nausea followed by hypotension and respiratory failure
 Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Case 37-2007. A 47-year-old man with left ventricular dysfunction after heart transplantation
 Caveat medicus! Pulmonary hypertension in the elderly: a word of caution
 Characterization of acute myocardial infarction by magnetic resonance imaging
 Chest pain with spurious ST-segment elevation
 Circumferential compression of bilateral ventricles by tuberculous granuloma leading to heart failure
Clinical Impact of Contemporary Cardiovascular Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy.
 Clinical pearls in cardiology
 Clinical problem-solving. A crisis in late pregnancy
 Clinical problem-solving. A key miscommunication--an 81-year-old woman presented to the emergency department with increasing abdominal distention, nausea, and vomiting
 Clinical problem-solving. Nothing to cough at--a 73-year-old man presented to the emergency department with a 4-day history of nonproductive cough that worsened at night
 'Cobra malformation' of an Amplatzer device during percutaneous closure of a ventricular septal defect
 Combined surgical left ventricular reconstruction and left ventricular assist device implantation for destination therapy in end-stage heart failure
 Contained aortic rupture as a late complication of transcutaneous aortic valve implantation
 Coronary artery fistula: recanalisation after complete transcatheter coil occlusion
 Correlating multimodality imaging and pathological validation in heart failure
Decompressive atrioseptostomy (DAS) for the treatment of severe pulmonary hypertension secondary to restrictive cardiomyopathy.
 Depression and cardiovascular disease: healing the broken-hearted
 Device failure weeks to months after transcatheter closure of secundum type atrial septal defects
 Device interactions in patients with advanced cardiomyopathy
 Dilated cardiomyopathy: an unusual complication of clozapine therapy
Dilated Cardiomyopathy Revealing Cushing Disease: A Case Report and Literature Review.
 Dilemmas of blood pressure management for heart failure prevention
 Disintegration of a stentless valved conduit causing contained rupture of the aortic root
 Dislodged occluder trapped in the left ventricle
 Does size matter? Clinical applications of scaling cardiac size and function for body size
 Double mechanical prosthesis, correct international normalized ratio, and giant atrial mass
 Do unapposed stent struts endothelialise? In vivo demonstration with optical coherence tomography
 Early calcific degeneration of a CoreValve transcatheter aortic bioprosthesis
Early onset of cardiomyopathy and intellectual disability in a girl with Danon disease associated with a de novo novel mutation of the LAMP2 gene.
Early pregnancy-associated cardiomyopathy complicated with a complete hydatidiform mole coexistent with a live fetus and exacerbated by induced abortion.
 ECG-gated multi-detector computed tomography for failure of conventional coronarography to detect intraluminal thrombus in saphenous vein graft
 Echocardiographic clues to diagnosis of dystrophin related dilated cardiomyopathy
 Echocardiography for percutaneous heart pumps
 Effects of combined deferiprone and desferrioxamine iron chelating therapy in beta-thalassemia major end-stage heart failure: a case report
 Electronic clinical challenges and images in GI. Chest pain and congestive cardiac failure due to atrial metastasis from an adenocarcinoma of the gastroesophageal junction
 Emergency surgical treatment of advanced endomyocardial fibrosis in Mozambique
 End-stage renal disease due to polyomavirus in a cardiac transplant patient
 Endocardial fibroelastosis in dilated cardiomyopathy in a 28-year-old transplant recipient
 Endothelialisation of an autologous pericardial valve implanted in the aortic position
 Equalization of right- and left-sided intracardiac pressures: is it constriction?
 Evaluation for a ventricular assist device: selecting the appropriate candidate
 Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation as a rescue of intractable ventricular fibrillation and bridge to heart transplantation
 Failed Amplatzer Septal Occluder device implantation due to an embryonic septal remnant
 Fatal coronary artery disease in an infant with severe mucopolysaccharidosis type I
 Fever-induced life-threatening arrhythmias in children harboring an SCN5A mutation
 First in vivo demonstration of coronary edema in culprit lesion of patient with acute coronary syndrome by cardiovascular magnetic resonance
 First use of cardiac contractility modulation (CCM) in a patient failing CRT therapy: clinical and technical aspects of combined therapies
 Fluoroscopic evidence of prosthetic valve failure
Focal form of left ventricular non-compaction cardiomyopathy with congestive form of heart failure.
 Genetic proof-of-concept for cardiac gene expression in human circulating blood-derived progenitor cells
 Giant left atrium mimicking right heart failure
 Haemodialysis, not ultrafiltration, can correct hyponatraemia in heart failure
 Haemodynamic effects of acute intravenous metoprolol in apical ballooning syndrome with dynamic left ventricular outflow tract obstruction
 Heartbreaking weight loss
 Heart failure and cardiac involvement as isolated manifestation of familial form of transthyretin amyloidosis resulting from Val30Met mutation with no clinical signs of polyneuropathy
 Heart failure in a patient with Noonan syndrome
 Hepatocellular carcinoma presenting as right heart failure
 Heterotopic transcatheter tricuspid valve implantation: first-in-man application of a novel approach to tricuspid regurgitation
 Histological confirmation of complete endothelialisation of a surgically removed Amplatzer ASD occluder
 Homozygous mutation in MYH7 in myosin storage myopathy and cardiomyopathy
 Hydroxychloroquine-induced cardiomyopathy: a case report
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy, Athlete's Heart, or Both: A Case of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Regression.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: The heart of the matter by looking into the matter of the heart.
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Attributable to Mitochondrial DNA Mutation Diagnosed by Pathology and Gene Sequencing.
Hypertrophic or hypertensive cardiomyopathy?
Hypocalcemic Cardiomyopathy Due to Vitamin D Deficiency in a Very Old Man.
Hyponatremia-induced stress cardiomyopathy due to psychogenic polydipsia.
 IMAGE CARDIO MED: Oppression of left main trunk due to pseudoaneurysm with graft detachment in patients with Behcet disease previously treated by the Bentall procedure
 Images and case reports in interventional cardiology. Percutaneous aortic "valve in valve" implantation for severe aortic regurgitation in a degenerated bioprosthesis
 Images in cardiology: systolic dysfunction induced by right ventricular apical pacing: visualisation using real-time three-dimensional echocardiography
 Images in cardiology. Intermittent obstruction of a prosthetic aortic valve
 Images in cardiovascular medicine: Delayed right ventricular perforation by a transvenous active fixation implantable cardioverter-defibrillator lead: echocardiographic diagnosis and surgical management
 Images in cardiovascular medicine: high-output heart failure
 Images in cardiovascular medicine: Retrograde flow in the descending thoracic aorta: magnetic resonance imaging of an apicoaortic conduit
 Images in cardiovascular medicine: right ventricular outflow tract reconstruction with contegra bovine valved conduit
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Cardiac resynchronization by restoration of native ventricular activation: reversal of iatrogenic mitral regurgitation and heart failure
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Continuous murmur after ascending aortic surgery
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Evanescent asymmetrical septal hypertrophy and rapidly progressive heart failure in a 32-year-old man
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. High-altitude-induced right-heart failure
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Iatrogenic internal mammary artery-to-great cardiac vein anastomosis
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Intermittent trapping of a tilting-disc mitral prosthesis
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Kussmaul's sign in right ventricular dysfunction
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Markedly dilated right heart 17 years after initial treatment repaired by total right ventricular exclusion and total cavopulmonary connection
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Multisite vancomycin intermediate-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus infective endocarditis with giant vegetations on implantable cardioverter-defibrillator lead
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Parvovirus-B19-associated active myocarditis with biventricular thrombi. Results of endomyocardial biopsy investigations and cardiac magnetic resonance imaging
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Placement of a left ventricular pacing lead after balloon angioplasty of a coronary vein stenosis: coronary sinus obstruction as a complication after mitral valve operation
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Uncommon variant of Ebstein anomaly with tricuspid stenosis
 Images in cardiovascular medicine. Vanishing tumor
 Images in clinical medicine. A complication of central venous catheterization
IMAGES IN CLINICAL MEDICINE. Apical Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy.
 Images in clinical medicine. Colonic saccular diverticula
 Images in clinical medicine. Giant left atrium
 Images in clinical medicine. Kinked carotids
 Images in clinical medicine. Necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum
 Images in clinical medicine. Patent ductus arteriosus in an elderly man
 Images in clinical medicine. Prosthetic-valve dehiscence
 Imatinib mesylate in the treatment of refractory idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension
 Implications and treatment of acute hyperglycemia in the setting of acute myocardial infarction
 Implications of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy transmitted by sperm donation
 Incomplete recovery of myocyte contractile function despite improvement of myocardial architecture with left ventricular assist device support
 Interventional rescue strategy after malpositioning of a percutaneous aortic valve
 Intracavitary "fountains" in left ventricular noncompaction
 Intravascular hemolysis and acute renal failure after mitral and aortic valve repair
Involvement of the right ventricle in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and occurrence of right bundle branch block.
Is Mixed Apnea Associated with Non-Rapid Eye Movement Sleep a Reversible Compensatory Sign of Heart Failure?
 Isolated right ventricular ballooning syndrome: a new variant of transient cardiomyopathy
 Knock knock knocking on: how to open stuck mitral valve prosthesis
 Large thrombus burden in acute myocardial infarction: successful use of distal protection device following failure of thrombus aspiration
 Late donor cardiectomy after paediatric heterotopic cardiac transplantation
Late gadolinium enhancement image masquerading as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in Fabry disease receiving enzyme replacement therapy.
 Late thrombosis or in-stent restenosis?
 Leaflet escape in a modern mechanical heart valve: structure and cavitation
 Left atrial appendage luxation and incomplete ligature demonstrated with 64-slice computed tomography
 Left atrial calcification in rheumatic heart disease: a rare presentation
 Left ventricular outflow tract pseudoaneurysm compromising blood flow through the left main coronary artery after mechanical aortic valve implantation
 Listen to my kidney!
 Liver stiffness is an unreliable marker of liver fibrosis in patients with cardiac insufficiency
 Living on an atrial kick--an unusual case of a stuck mitral valve
 Long-term follow-up of a fenestrated Amplatzer atrial septal occluder in pulmonary arterial hypertension
 Lymphofollicular myocarditis: an unknown cause of terminal heart failure
 Macrovolt T-wave alternans and polymorphic ventricular tachycardia
 Male gynecomastia
 Malignant ST segment elevation
 Management of a case of peripartum cardiomyopathy
 Management of advanced heart failure: the role of heart transplantation
 Management of anticoagulation in patients with subacute heparin-induced thrombocytopenia scheduled for heart transplantation
Merging strain-echo measurements with late gadolinium enhancement at cardiac MRI: An upcoming chance for advanced functional assessment of fibrosis in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
 Metoclopramide as a possible cause of prolonged QT syndrome and torsade de pointes in a patient with heart failure and renal insufficiency
 Microvascular obstruction and the no-reflow phenomenon after percutaneous coronary intervention
 Migration of a transcatheter aortic valve in the left ventricular outflow tract
"Moving left ventricular obstruction" due to stress cardiomyopathy in a patient with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy treated with percutaneous transluminal septal myocardial ablation.
 Multiorgan failure 17 years after initial stone therapy: forgotten ureteral stent in a horseshoe kidney
 Multiple cutaneous infantile hemangiomas associated with hepatic angiosarcoma: case report and review of the literature
 Multiple sirolimus eluting stent fractures
 Multisite infective endocarditis with mural vegetations in the right atrium and right ventricle
Myocardial 3-Dimensional Printing for Septal Myectomy Guidance in a Patient With Obstructive Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy.
Myocardial edema in Takotsubo syndrome mimicking apical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: An insight into diagnosis by cardiovascular magnetic resonance.
Myocardial Noncompaction Presenting With Myocardial Bridge: A Case Report.
 Natriuretic peptide testing in heart failure
 Neurocirculatory and nigrostriatal abnormalities in Parkinson disease from LRRK2 mutation
 Non-compaction cardiomyopathy in an adult with hereditary spherocytosis
Nonamyloidotic Light Chain Cardiomyopathy: The Arrhythmogenic Magnetic Resonance Pattern.
Obstructive cardiomyopathy with persistent marked elevation of troponin T in myasthenia gravis.
 Obstructive intramural coronary amyloidosis: a distinct phenotype of cardiac amyloidosis that can cause acute heart failure
 Oedema in acute myocardial infarction
 Oral disopyramide for the acute treatment of severe outflow obstruction in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the ICU setting
 Pacemaker current (I(f)) in the human sinoatrial node
 Pacemaker lead overcoiling: the overcoil-retraction phenomenon
 Pacemaker Twiddler syndrome
 Palliative medicine consultation for preparedness planning in patients receiving left ventricular assist devices as destination therapy
 Pathological effects of alcohol septal ablation for hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy
 Patients supported for over 4 years with left ventricular assist devices
 Percutaneous balloon aortic valvuloplasty revisited: time for a renaissance?
 Percutaneous closure of a paravalvular leak 4 years after mitral valve replacement
 Percutaneous implantation of an Edwards SAPIEN valve in a failing pulmonary bioprosthesis in palliated tetralogy of Fallot
 Percutaneous repair of an aortic paraprosthetic leak an alternative to reoperating
 Percutaneous treatment of a chronic total occlusion for ST segment elevation myocardial infarction: an alternative in the case of early graft failure
 Percutaneous tricuspid valve replacement for a stenosed bioprosthesis
 Perforated aortic valve leaflets
 Persistent chest pain and no obstructive coronary artery disease
 Phospholamban R14 deletion results in late-onset, mild, hereditary dilated cardiomyopathy
 Predicting benefit from revascularization in patients with ischemic heart failure: imaging of myocardial ischemia and viability
"Protruding Myocardium" as a Target for Percutaneous Transluminal Septal Myocardial Ablation in a Case of Hypertrophic Obstructive Cardiomyopathy.
 Pseudoaneurysm of aortocoronary graft secondary to spontaneous late rupture
 Pulmonary embolism in heart failure
 Pulmonary hypertension: an increasingly recognized complication of hereditary hemolytic anemias and HIV infection
 Pulmonary veno-occlusive disease presenting with recurrent pulmonary oedema and the use of nitric oxide to predict response to sildenafil
 Radiation-induced heart disease
 Rapidly progressive fatal interstitial lung disease in a patient with systemic sclerosis
Rare form of basal ballooning without reduction of left ventricular function in takotsubo cardiomyopathy.
 Rare visualization of entrapped left ventricular thrombi in noncompacted myocardium
 Real-time 3D TEE for the diagnosis of right-sided endocarditis in patients with prosthetic devices
 Real-time three-dimensional transoesophageal echocardiography for guidance of interventional closure of paravalvular leakage
 Recovery from peripartum cardiomyopathy after treatment with bromocriptine
 Recovery from postpartum cardiomyopathy in 2 patients by blocking prolactin release with bromocriptine
Recurrent multiform Takotsubo cardiomyopathy in a patient with epilepsy: Broken heart or brain?
 Reduction of mitral valve regurgitation caused by acute papillary muscle ischemia
 Reversal of pacing-induced heart failure by left ventricular apical pacing
 Reversal of periodic breathing after aerobic training in heart failure
Reversible Severe Eosinophilic Endomyocardial Fibrosis During Pregnancy: A Case Report.
 Rheumatic myocarditis masquerading as left ventricle tumor
 Right atrial thrombus attached to the defibrillator lead
 Right ventricular cardiomyopathy: timing of heart transplantation in Uhl's anomaly and arrythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy
 Right ventricular edema complicating acute inferior myocardial infarction as demonstrated by T2-weighted cardiovascular magnetic resonance
Right Ventricular Hypertrophy Along With Malignant Ventricular Arrhythmias: An Uncommon Case of Sarcoidosis at Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
 Rocking aortic valve prosthesis: a 3-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography view
 Role of inotropic agents in the treatment of heart failure
 Ruptured noncoronary sinus of valsalva aneurysm: an unusual cause of chronic right-sided heart failure
 Severe anaemia and subcapital femur fracture in a patient with Left Ventricular Assist Device Heart Mate II: the cardiologist's management of this rare patient
 Severe cardiac failure in a patient with multiple sclerosis following low-dose mitoxantrone treatment
 Severe cardiac failure in a patient with multiple sclerosis following low-dose mitoxantrone treatment
 Severely impaired left ventricular function: tissue characterization by cardiovascular magnetic resonance in a clinical dilemma
 Severe right bivalvular carcinoid heart disease
 Silent hereditary hematochromatosis as a susceptibility factor of doxorubicin-induced acute cardiac failure
 Sirolimus-eluting stent fracture with thrombus, visualization by optical coherence tomography
 Sneddon's syndrome: cardiac involvement detected by magnetic resonance imaging
Spontaneous Remission in a Case of Giant Cell Myocarditis with Preserved Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction.
 Stent strut fracture-induced restenosis in the right coronary artery: detection by MDCT
 Strut fracture of a sirolimus-eluting stent at the ostium of the right coronary artery
 Successful 'quadrangular' pacing in a non-responder patient to cardiac resynchronization therapy
 Successful thrombolysis of a mechanical aortic valve thrombosis
 Successful treatment of aortic bio-prosthetic valve failure by transcatheter aortic valve implantation
 Sudden cardiac death due to acute right heart failure in a patient with arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia and acute myocardial infarction
 Suspected coronary artery dissection post-stenting, confirmed by optical coherence tomography
 Swing-like movement of pigtail catheter in a patient with ruptured chordae tendinae
 T-wave alternans in patients with congestive heart failure and sleep apnoea
 Tako-Tsubo-like syndrome during anaphylactic reaction
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy induced by dopamine infusion after carotid artery stenting.
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy in myasthaenia gravis crisis confirmed by cardiac MRI.
 The case/Renal failure after percutaneous closure of a perivalvular leak
 The feasibility of left ventricular mechanical support as a bridge to cardiac recovery
 The late stent malapposition develops also after paclitaxel balloon predilatation before bare-metal stent implantation: case description
 Therapeutic strategies for heart failure in cardiorenal syndromes
 Three overlapping septal occlusion devices to treat residual shunting across an atrial septal defect
Three Recurrent Episodes of Apical-Ballooning Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy in a Man.
 Thrombosed aortic mechanical valve on fluoroscopy
 Transcatheter aortic valve implantation for stenosed and regurgitant aortic valve bioprostheses CoreValve for failed bioprosthetic aortic valve replacements
 Transfemoral aortic valve implantation for severe aortic regurgitation after david procedure
 Transjugular tricuspid valve-in-valve replacement
 Transseptal implantation of a transcatheter heart valve in a mitral annuloplasty ring to treat mitral repair failure
Transthyretin-Derived (ATTR) Amyloidotic Cardiomyopathy After Receiving a Domino Liver Allograft.
Tri-leaflet mitral valve variant of hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy: Comprehensive assessment with 3-D transesophageal echocardiography.
 Type A aortic dissection: a hidden and lethal cause for failed thrombolytic treatment in acute myocardial infarction
 Unusual cause of stroke after mitral valve replacement
 Unusual right heart failure in a patient with heart transplant
 Unusual use of a standard percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty balloon catheter to the rescue
 Usefulness of ECG-gated multi-detector computed tomography for the diagnosis of mechanical prosthetic valve dysfunction
 Use of genetics in the clinical evaluation of cardiomyopathy
 Use of percutaneous angioplasty to facilitate implantation of the left ventricular pacemaker lead for CRT
 Utilisation of 3D echocardiography in demonstrating the beneficial effect of bifocal right ventricular cardiac resynchronisation therapy
Value of cardiac magnetic resonance imaging in the setting of familiar cardiomyopathy: A step toward pre-clinical diagnosis.
Value of epsilon wave in lead aVR in an 83-year old male patient with arrhythmogenic cardiomyopathy.
 'Valve-in-valve' implantation in a patient with degenerated aortic bioprosthesis and severe regurgitation
Ventricular tachycardia associated with mid-ventricular obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and apical aneurysm.
 Visualisation of a St Jude prosthetic mitral valve using electron beam tomography
