3D heart model guides complex stent angioplasty of pulmonary venous baffle obstruction in a Mustard repair of D-TGA.
3 generation pedigree with paternal transmission of the 22q11.2 deletion syndrome: Intrafamilial phenotypic variability.
41 Years after Björk-Shiley valve implantation: advanced preparation of a giant root pseudoaneurysm entrapping the right coronary artery.
8p23.1 Interstitial Deletion in a Patient with Congenital Cardiopathy, Neurobehavioral Disorders, and Minor Signs Suggesting 22q11.2 Deletion Syndrome
A 15-year-old boy with congenital heart disease, fevers, and acute onset of dysarthria: infective endocarditis.
A 42-year-old woman collapses in a park
Abiotrophia endocarditis in children with no underlying heart disease: a rare but a virulent organism.
Abnormal agitated saline study results after tetralogy of Fallot repair.
Abnormal electroencephalogram, epileptic seizures, structural congenital heart disease and aborted sudden cardiac death in Andersen-Tawil syndrome.
Abnormal fibrous band from the left atrium to the left ventricle causing mitral regurgitation
Aborted TAVR following aortic balloon valvuloplasty
Absent aortic valve associated with double outlet right ventricle and aortopulmonary window: physiologic implications of a rare malformation in both the fetus and neonate.
A case of double fistulas of right coronary artery to LVOT and LAD
A case of malignant aortic calcification in congenital heart disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
A case of pancreatic agenesis and congenital heart defects with a novel GATA6 nonsense mutation: evidence of haploinsufficiency due to nonsense-mediated mRNA decay.
A Case Report of Double-Chambered Right Ventricle Associated with Subaterial Ventricular Septal Defect and Rupture of Right Coronary Sinus Aneurysm.
A Case Study of Infant Physiologic Response to Skin-to-Skin Contact After Surgery for Complex Congenital Heart Disease.
Accessory tricuspid valve leaflet and an anomalous muscle bundle in the right ventricular outflow tract in a patient with double-outlet right ventricle: a rare case report.
Acquired Fontan physiology secondary to acute mechanical tricuspid valve failure in a patient with massive right heart enlargement and Ebstein's anomaly.
Acquired Gerbode defect following endocarditis of the tricuspid valve: a case report and literature review
Acquired left ventricular submitral aneurysms in the course of Takayasu arteritis in a child.
Acquired von Willebrand syndrome in paediatric patients with congenital heart disease: challenges in the diagnosis and management of this rare condition.
Acute aortic insufficiency due to rupture of an aortic valve commissure
Acute ischaemic heart block in hypoplastic left heart syndrome
A different therapeutic strategy for severe tetralogy of Fallot with origin of the left pulmonary artery from the ascending aorta: stenting of the right ventricular outflow tract before complete repair.
Adult cor triatriatum and transient ischemic attack. Does this rare congenital heart defect augment embolic risk?
Adult Scimitar Syndrome: A Surgical Approach.
Agenesis of the mitral posterior leaflet in elderly
A giant right coronary artery related to a small fistula to the coronary sinus.
An adult patient of double-chambered right ventricle with ventricular septal defect incidentally diagnosed after presentation with acute myocardial infarction.
A neonate with critical congenital heart disease.
A neonate with left congenital diaphragmatic hernia and transient retrograde flow in the aortic arch.
An isolated left common carotid artery from the main pulmonary artery in a neonate with aortic valve atresia
Anomalous origin of one pulmonary artery from the ascending aorta (hemitruncus) in a premature infant: a case report and literature review.
Anomalous origin of the right pulmonary artery from the ascending aorta accompanied by absent pulmonary valve syndrome and right-sided aortic arch: a rare case in adult congenital heart disease.
An uncommon variant of cyanotic congenital heart disease in a young adult female: a rare case of right pulmonary artery to left atrial fistula (PALAF).
An Unreported Congenital Anomaly: Aneurysm of the Lateral Half of the Mitral Valve.
An unusual and complex congenital heart disease in a patient with a ruptured cerebral aneurysm.
An unusual cause of congestive heart failure in a young woman.
Aortic arch and pulmonary artery reconstruction during heart transplantation after failed Fontan procedure.
Aortic forward flow in aortic atresia via ventriculo-coronary arterial connections
Aortico-left ventricular tunnel arising from the noncoronary sinus associated with a ventricular septal defect.
Aortic root replacement with a valve-sparing technique for quadricuspid aortic valve.
Aortic valve replacement for quadricuspid valve: a lesson learnt from a negative experience
Aortic valve replacement in a patient with myasthenia gravis and radiation-induced aortic valve disease.
Aortoesophageal fistula and coarctation of the aorta in a 15-year-old child.
Aortopulmonary fistula after transcatheter pulmonary valve replacement
Aortopulmonary window: a rare untreated adult case
A patient showing features of both SBBYSS and GPS supports the concept of a KAT6B-related disease spectrum, with mutations in mid-exon 18 possibly leading to combined phenotypes.
A patient with a unique frameshift mutation in GPC3, causing Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome, presenting with craniosynostosis, penoscrotal hypospadias, and a large prostatic utricle.
A proposed method to visualize the ductus arteriosus on transesophageal echocardiography.
A rare anatomic variant: partial anomalous pulmonary venous connection of the right pulmonary veins to an aneurysmal left vertical vein
A right-sided subcutaneous implantable cardioverter defibrillator in a patient with congenital heart disease
Association of Left Superior Vena Cava, Sinus Venosus Defect and partial anomalous pulmonary venous return: an echographic and MDCT study.
Asymptomatic and isolated accessory mitral valve tissue in an adul
Autoimmune liver disease in Noonan Syndrome.
Balloon atrial septostomy by a right internal jugular venous approach in a newborn with hypoplastic left heart syndrome with a restrictive atrial septum.
Bilateral congenital coronary ostial obstruction: Exertional syncope in an otherwise healthy 8-year-old
Biventricular failure in dextro-transposition of the great arteries corrected with the Mustard procedure: VAD support of the systemic ventricle is enough.
BMPR2 germline mutation in chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension
Brain infarction with a predilection for cerebellum in a patient with double-outlet left ventricle and vascular malformations.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy in a patient with a failing systemic right ventricle.
Cardiac Vignette: Giant Left Atrial Appendage Aneurysm.
Case 14--2014: Tetralogy of Fallot with severe cyanosis in an infant with trisomy 18: ethical dilemmas in the perioperative period.
CASE 4-2014: ascending aortic pseudoaneurysm repair with deep hypothermic circulatory arrest in an adult congenital heart disease patient with heparin-induced thrombocytopenia
Case of single right atrial diverticulum and review of etiology and management
Catheter conversion of classic Glenn to bidirectional Glenn with closure of left central shunt years after surgical attempts.
Catheter interventional creation of a "double aortic arch" for treatment of a complex residual coarctation of the aorta.
Central pulmonary thrombosis secondary to severe infection of a right ventricle-to-pulmonary artery conduit.
Chest pain 9 months after interventional atrial septal defect occlusion: do not forget the worst!
Clinical and molecular characterization of an infant with a tandem duplication and deletion of 19p13.
Co-occurrence of non-mosaic trisomy 22 and inherited balanced t(4;6)(q33;q23.3) in a liveborn female: case report and review of the literature.
Coil embolization of a symptomatic left internal mammary arteriovenous fistula.
Combined immunodeficiency in a 3-year-old boy with 16p11.2 and 20p12.2-11.2 chromosomal duplications.
Complete atrioventricular septal defect and pulmonary stenosis diagnosed in a 49-year-old woman after 10 uneventful births.
Complete resolution of chronic pericardial effusion with an intensive course of inhaled iloprost in an adult patient with unrepaired ventricular septal defect, and life-threatening severe pulmonary arterial hypertension
Complex congenital heart defect, heterotaxy, imperforate anus, and other congenital anomalies in a 27-week infant: a case study.
Complex left atrial cor triatriatum associated with supravalvar mitral membrane, coronary sinus defect and persistent left superior caval vein. 3D echocardiography navigates surgeon to successful repair.
Compound heterozygous or homozygous truncating MYBPC3 mutations cause lethal cardiomyopathy with features of noncompaction and septal defects.
Comprehensive evaluation of a patient with Kawasaki disease and giant coronary aneurysms with cardiac magnetic resonance.
Congenital absence of left atrial appendage.
Congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia: three case reports from patients with different clinical diagnoses and somatic abnormalities.
Congenital coronary artery fistulae: a rare cause of heart failure in adults.
Congenital coronary artery fistula in an intercoronary communication between the left main and the diagonal branch of the left anterior descending coronary artery: an interesting case report.
Congenital Gerbode Defect in a Patient With an Acute Myocardial Infarction and Cardiogenic Shock Masquerading as an Acute Ventricular Septal Defect.
Congenital lupus with multiorgan involvement: a case report and review of literature.
Congenital narrowing of a pulmonary vein: slit-like pulmonary vein ostium.
Congenital pulmonary vein stenosis in an adult patient.
Congenital right pulmonary artery agenesis with atrial septal defect and pulmonary hypertension.
Congenital unilateral pulmonary atresia with coronary-to-pulmonary collateral artery originating from left circumflex coronary artery
Coronary-cameral fistula from the sinoatrial nodal branch of the right coronary artery draining into the right atrium: demonstration by multidetector CT.
Coronary angioplasty for congenital obstruction of the left main coronary artery.
Coronary artery disease in Eisenmenger's syndrome--Rare but not to be forgotten
Coronary Artery Fistula-Associated Endocarditis: Report of Two Cases and a Review of the Literature.
Coronary sinus obstruction after atrioventricular canal defect repair.
Cor triatriatum: a reversible cause of severe pulmonary hypertension.
Cor triatriatum dexter, atrial septal defects, and pulmonary stenosis-a rare association.
Cor triatriatum sinister in a 43-year-old man with syncope.
Could submicroscopical chromosomal imbalances cause cono-truncal malformations in twins?
Critical decision of operability in congenital heart disease patient with severe pulmonary hypertension
De Novo interstitial deletion 13q33.3q34 in a male patient with double outlet right ventricle, microcephaly, dysmorphic craniofacial findings, and motor and developmental delay.
Diverse multi-organ histopathologic changes in a failed Fontan patient
Double aortic arch in a newborn with congenital diaphragmatic hernia and tracheoesophageal fistula.
Double jeopardy in the echocardiography laboratory: coexistence of two distinct cardiomyopathies?
Double orifice mitral valve in rheumatic heart disease.
Double outlet right ventricle, atrioventricular canal defect with severe pulmonary artery stenosis: a rare cyanotic congenital heart disease
Doubly committed subarterial ventricular septal defect: A risk factor for aortic distortion in patients considered for percutaneous pulmonary valve implantation?
Down Syndrome with Complete Atrioventricular Septal Defect, Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy, and Pulmonary Vein Stenosis.
Ductal closure and near-infrared spectroscopy for regional oxygenation monitoring in ductus-dependent congenital heart disease.
Ductus arteriosus aneurysm and vocal cord paralysis.
Ebstein's anomaly in adult patients over 50 years of age.
ECG phenomena: pseudopreexcitation and repolarization disturbances resembling ST-elevation myocardial infarction caused by an intraatrial rhabdomyoma in a newborn.
Endocarditic sinus of valsalva fistulae to right ventricular outflow tract in adult ventricular septal defects.
e novo 9q gain in an infant with tetralogy of Fallot with absent pulmonary valve: Patient report and review of congenital heart disease in 9q duplication syndrome.
Epilepsy misdiagnosed as long QT syndrome: it can go both ways.
Ethical considerations with the management of congenital central hypoventilation syndrome
Expansion of the TARP syndrome phenotype associated with de novo mutations and mosaicism.
Extensive coronary arterial fistula development in patients with univentricular circulation.
Extrinsic bronchial compression due to patent ductus arteriosus closure device.
Familial Ebstein's anomaly, left ventricular noncompaction, and ventricular septal defect associated with an MYH7 mutation
Familial ebstein anomaly, left ventricular hypertrabeculation, and ventricular septal defect associated with a MYH7 mutation.
Familial Himalayan p wave and left ventricular hypertrabeculation/noncompaction
Fatal spontaneous dissection of a Contegra conduit in a child.
Feasibility and safety of on table extubation after corrective surgical repair of tetralogy of Fallot in a developing country: a case series
Fertile eunuch syndrome in association with biventricular noncompaction, bicuspid aortic valve, severe aortic stenosis, and talipes equinovarus.
Fetal MRI correlates with postnatal CT angiogram assessment of pulmonary anatomy in tetralogy of Fallot with absent pulmonary valve.
First description of successful weaning from ECMO in a patient with Eisenmenger syndrome after repair of pulmonary artery dissection.
First report of atretic coronary sinus stenting in a 5-kg infant resulting in dramatic improvement of ventricular function in functional single ventricle.
Focused Cardiac Ultrasound Diagnosis of Cor Triatriatum Sinistrum in Pediatric Cardiac Arrest
Fontan completion in a patient with previous liver transplantation
Four successful pregnancies in a woman after Fontan palliation: a case report
Generalized periosteal reaction and tissue swelling secondary to prolonged prostaglandin E1 infusion and venous stasis: a case report.
Giant coronary artery aneurysms: review and update.
Giant left atrial appendage mimicking a mediastinal mass in a new diagnosis of atrial septal defect and pulmonic stenosis
Headache in a Patient with Complex Congenital Heart Disease: Diagnostic and Therapeutic Considerations
Hybrid approach to closure of an acquired coronary-cameral fistula
Hyperacute flash pulmonary oedema after transcatheter pulmonary valve implantation: The melody of an overwhelmed left ventricle
Hypoplastic left heart syndrome in PAGOD syndrome
Hypoplastic left heart syndrome in the emergency department: an update.
Iatrogenic aortic dissection in an infant with persistent fifth aortic arch and congenital heart defects
Iatrogenic left pulmonary artery to left atrium fistula.
Iatrogenic ST elevation during percutaneous closure of a coronary artery fistula.
Incidental necropsy finding of a quadricuspid aortic valve.
Incremental value of three-dimensional echocardiography over the two-dimensional technique in the assessment of combined sinus of valsalva rupture into the right ventricle and adjacent perimembranous ventricular septal defect.
Incremental value of three-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography over two-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography in the assessment of Lambl's excrescences and nodules of Arantius on the aortic valve.
Initial Experience of Left Ventricular Assist Device Support for Adult Patients with Transposition of the Great Vessels.
Initial use of endothelial progenitor cells capturing stents in paediatric congenital heart disease.
Intervening for RPA stenosis following Waterston shunt: Importance of anatomical definition of the coronary arteries.
Intracardiac abscess with cutaneous fistula secondary to ventricular septal defect repair simulating sternal wound infection
Intracardiac blood cyst: rare finding in a complex congenital heart lesion.
Iodine-induced hypothyroidism in full-term infants with congenital heart disease: more common than currently appreciated?
Isolated accessory mitral valve: identification and anatomic description using 3D transesophageal echocardiography.
Isolated supra-cardiac partial anomalous pulmonary venous connection causing right heart failure.
Laparoscopic colectomy in an adult with single ventricle physiology: anesthetic implications and management.
Late paravalvular abscess 6 weeks after transfemoral aortic revalving.
Left-sided scimitar vein causing cyanosis after Fontan operation: successful transcatheter device occlusion using magnetic resonance imaging X-ray fusion.
Left anomalous brachiocephalic vein in a patient with right lung cancer.
Left hemitruncus with normal right-sided pressures in an adult.
Left main coronary atresia in a child with absent pulmonary valve syndrome: early entrapment of an innocent bystander.
Left posterolateral thoracotomy: an alternative approach for pulmonary valve replacement
Left pulmonary artery originating from the right coronary artery in a patient with pulmonary atresia and ventricular septal defect.
Left ventricular thrombus in repaired Tetralogy of Fallot.
Liver transplantation in children with congenital cardiac defects: a case report and a short literature review.
Lovely heart in a heart; double orifice mitral valve in an adult.
Management of Pentalogy of Cantrell with complete ectopia cordis and Double Outlet Right Ventricle
Massive global right ventricular hypertrophy with both fixed and dynamic obstruction and pulmonary valve dysplasia.
Mechanical aortic valve-on-valve replacement in previous Bentall procedure: an alternate technique.
Medial defects of the small pulmonary arteries in fatal pulmonary hypertension in infants with trisomy 13 and trisomy 18.
Molecular Delineation of Partial Trisomy 14q and Partial Trisomy 12p in a Patient with Dysmorphic Features, Heart Defect and Developmental Delay.
Multidisciplinary management of pregnancy in complex congenital heart disease: a model for coordination of care.
Multimodality approach to rare coronary artery malformation.
Multimodality imaging in bland-White-Garland syndrome in an adult with a left dominant coronary artery system.
Multiple café au lait spots in familial patients with MAP2K2 mutation.
Multiple Coronary Artery Aneurysms of the Right Coronary Artery in Neonate with Pulmonary Atresia with Intact Ventricular Septum
Myocardial apical cleft.
Myocardial Noncompaction Presenting With Myocardial Bridge: A Case Report.
Native aortic valve endocarditis complicated by pseudoaneurysm of mitral-aortic intervalvular fibrosa.
Near-fatal outcome of late cardiac perforation by a pacemaker lead in a young woman with transposition of the great arteries.
Nemaline myopathy and heart failure: role of ivabradine; a case report
Neo-ostium creation for anomalous aortic origin of the coronary artery.
Neonatal acute myocardial infarction of unknown etiology treated with surgical thrombectomy.
Neonatal diabetes and protein losing enteropathy: a case report.
Newly diagnosed aortic arch interruption in an adult presenting with heart failure.
Novel approach for the percutaneous treatment of left ventricular pseudoaneurysms.
Obstructive membrane in arch of aorta in a case of Shone's complex
Oesophageal perforation in a neonate during transoesophageal echocardiography for cardiac surgery.
Off-label use of the amplatzer ductal occluder II additional size for percutaneous closure of congenital and acquired coronary fistulae.
Off-pump coronary artery bypass in congenital absence of pericardium.
One-Stage Hybrid Procedure to Treat Aortic Coarctation Complicated by Intracardiac Anomalies in Two Adults.
One-stage surgical treatment for Cantrell syndrome without repairing the left ventricular diverticulum: a case report.
Optical coherence tomography imaging of the patent ductus arteriosus: first known uses in congenital heart disease
Oseltamivir-warfarin interaction in hypoplastic left heart syndrome: case report and review
Osteosarcoma with cardiac metastasis in a 22-year-old man: a case report and review of cardiac tumors.
Out of Africa: congenital submitral aneurysm with extrinsic compression of the left anterior descending and circumflex arteries.
Partial anomalous pulmonary venous connection to superior vena cava that overrides across the intact atrial septum and has bi-atrial connection in a 75-year-old female presenting with pulmonary hypertension.
Pathologic features of dilated cardiomyopathy with localized noncompaction in a child with deletion 1p36 syndrome.
PCSK5 mutation in a patient with the VACTERL association.
Pediatric giant right atrial aneurysm: a case series and review of the literature.
Pentalogy of Cantrell with ectopia cordis totalis, total anomalous pulmonary venous connection, and tetralogy of Fallot: a case report and review of the literature.
Percutaneous closure of atrial septal defects in patients with an aberrant retroaortic coronary artery: is it safe?
Percutaneous coronary intervention in a 3-year-old with hypoplastic left heart syndrome
Percutaneous coronary intervention in pediatric and adolescent patients.
Percutaneous Coronary Intervention of an Anomalous Left Main Coronary Artery Arising from the Right Sinus of Valsalva.
Percutaneous tricuspid valve-in-valve implantation in Ebstein's anomaly: one-year follow-up of valve function.
Peripheral pulmonary artery stenosis: an unusual case and discussion of genetic associations
Persistent left superior vena cava draining into left atrium as a cause of persistent systemic desaturation after surgery
Persistent thebesian vessels involving the right and left ventricles leading to coronary steal phenomena and ischemia.
Polymicrogyria in a 10-month-old boy with Mowat-Wilson syndrome.
Postoperative pulmonary hypertensive crisis caused by inverted left atrial appendage after cardiopulmonary bypass surgery for congenital heart disease in a neonate.
Prenatal Diagnosis of a Persistent Fifth Aortic Arch, Pulmonary-to-Systemic type: An Unusual Association with Evolving Aortic Coarctation.
Prenatal diagnosis of left pulmonary artery-to-pulmonary vein fistula and its successful surgical repair in a neonate.
Prenatal diagnosis of maternally inherited X-linked Opitz G/BBB syndrome by chromosomal microarray in a fetus with complex congenital heart disease.
Primary pulmonary vein stenosis in a premature infant without bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a case report.
Pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with tetralogy of Fallot
Pulmonary atresia with double ductus arteriosus.
Pulmonary embolism: a late complication of pectus excavatum repair.
Pulmonary valve cusp augmentation for pulmonary regurgitation after repair of valvular pulmonary stenosis
Pulsed levosimendan therapy in the management of chronic end stage cardiac failure in 'adult congenital heart disease'.
Quadricuspid aortic valve detected by three-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography.
Radiofrequency catheter ablation for dyssynchrony-induced dilated cardiomyopathy in an infant.
Rare Case of Aortopulmonary Window With Anomalous Origin of Right Coronary Artery.
Rare combination of bilateral divided atrial chambers and pulmonary vein stenosis with review of the literature
Rare combination of congenital aplasia of the right pulmonary veins, left ventricular noncompaction, partial membranous obstruction of left-sided pulmonary veins and secundum atrial septal defect.
Rare presentation of four primary pediatric cardiac tumors.
Recurrent cerebral abscess secondary to a persistent left superior vena cava.
Recurrent right coronary artery occlusion caused by cardiac fibroelastoma attached to the aortic valve.
Regression of massive cardiac rhabdomyoma on everolimus therapy
Repair of bicuspid aortic valve in the presence of endocarditis and leaflet perforation
Repeated Transient Wallenberg's Syndrome: Probable Association with Ipsilateral Vertebral Artery Hypoplasia and Aortic Valve Disease
Retained epicardial pacing wires: "a baby in the heart".
Right heart failure in pregnant women with cyanotic congenital heart disease--The good, the bad and the ugly.
Right ventricular outflow tract obstruction after sinus of valsalva aneurysm repair.
Right ventricular outflow tract obstruction caused by double-chambered right ventricle presenting in adulthood
Role of perioperative transesophageal echocardiography in the management of adolescent truncus arteriosus: rare case report.
Scimitar syndrome with right hemianomalous pulmonary venous drainage into superior vena cava/right atrium junction.
Self-repositioning of an embolized patent ductus arteriosus device--a nightmare turned into sweet dreams
Severe airway obstruction from a bronchial cast after cardiac transplantation.
Severe arterial tortuosity in an asymptomatic infant with coarctation.
Severe left main coronary artery stenosis with abnormal branching pattern in a patient with mild supravalvar aortic stenosis and Williams-Beuren syndrome.
Severe neonatal presentation of Kleefstra syndrome in a patient with hypoplastic left heart syndrome and 9q34.3 microdeletion
Significant motor improvement in an infant with congenital heart disease and a rolandic stroke: The impact of early intervention.
Simplified surgical-hybrid Melody valve implantation for paediatric mitral valve disease
Simultaneous Removal of Right Lung Hydatid Cyst and Repair of Atrial Septal Defect in a Single Session.
Simultaneous repair of pectus excavatum and congenital heart disease without cardiopulmonary bypass or sternal osteotomy
Slow pathway modulation in a patient with tricuspid valve atresia
Stenting the atrial septum: a hybrid approach guided solely by echocardiography
Streptococcus pneumoniae causing mycotic aneurysm in a pediatric patient with coarctation of the aorta.
Submitral left ventricular aneurysm: a rare disease in xanthoderm.
Substantially increased sildenafil bioavailability after sublingual administration in children with congenital heart disease: two case reports.
Successful Bentall procedure in a patient with a Fontan circulation
Successful closure of a large secundum atrial septal defect via the transjugular approach after failed transfemoral approach.
Successful hybrid method to occlude a narrowed persistent left superior vena cava after cardiac surgery.
Successful management of neonatal myocardial infarction with ECMO and intracoronary r-tPA lysis.
Successful surgical treatment of a pronounced myocardial bridge of the left anterior descending artery with ischaemia on a two-year-old child.
Superior vena cava stenting guided by alternative imaging modalities in a patient with severe contrast allergy: a case report and brief literature review.
Supracardiac total anomalous pulmonary venous connection
Surgical correction of persistent truncus arteriosus on a 33-year-old male with unilateral pulmonary hypertension from migration of pulmonary artery band
Surgical repair of an aortico-left ventricular tunnel with acute infective endocarditis.
Surgical repair of Shone's complex with anomalous origin of the left coronary artery arising from the right pulmonary artery.
Surgical treatment of left ventricular fibroma accompanied with ventricular septal defect in an infant: a case repor
Surveillance for hepatocellular carcinoma secondary to cardiogenic cirrhosis in patients with congenital heart disease
Syncope caused by right ventricular obstruction by pectus excavatum
Tetralogy of Fallot with pheochromocytoma: an unusual therapeutic challenge.
The increasing importance of percutaneous mechanical circulatory assist device therapy in heart failure management.
The management of the older adult patient with anomalous left coronary artery from the pulmonary artery syndrome: a presentation of two cases and review of the literature.
The perfect storm? Histiocytoid cardiomyopathy and compound CACNA2D1 and RANGRF mutation in a baby.
The un-natural history of an adolescent with combined congenital and acquired heart disease.
Three-dimensional echocardiographic diagnosis of a giant congenital diverticulum of the left ventricular outflow tract.
Three-dimensional echocardiography enhances diagnostic accuracy of supramitral ring.
Three-dimensional patient-specific cardiac model for surgical planning in Nikaidoh procedure.
Thrombolytics for late superior caval vein thrombus in a patient with tricuspid atresia and single-lung Glenn anastomosis
Totally subcutaneous implantable cardioverter-defibrillator in a child with complex congenital heart disease and infection in a previous transvenous system.
Transcatheter aortic valve implantation in surgically repaired double outlet right ventricle.
Transcatheter embolization of a large aneurysm in a congenital coronary cameral fistula from the left coronary artery to the right ventricle
Transcatheter neoaortic valve replacement utilizing the Melody Valve in hypoplastic left heart syndrome
Transcatheter occlusion of gigantic persistent ductus arteriosus (PDA) using a custom-made persistent ductus arteriosus occluder.
Transcatheter pulmonary embolectomy after fontan
Transcatheter therapeutic intervention in adult coarctation of the aorta.
Transhepatic portal vein access for balloon dilation of right upper pulmonary vein stenosis following infradiaphragmatic total anomalous pulmonary venous drainage repair.
Transpulmonary atrial pacing: an approach to transvenous pacemaker implantation after extracardiac conduit Fontan surgery
Treatment of cardiovascular complications of Alagille syndrome in clinical optimization for liver transplantation
Treatment of tetralogy of Fallot hypoxic spell with intranasal fentanyl
Tricuspid atresia with truncus arteriosus: successful surgical treatment
Tricuspid valve implantation after Bjork procedure to establish biventricular physiology.
Trileaflet Mitral Valve with Three Papillary Muscles Associated with Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy: A Novel Case.
Trisomy 13 (Patau syndrome) with tetralogy of Fallot--to treat or not to treat?
Trisomy 18 and complex congenital heart disease: seeking the threshold benefit.
Two cases of warfarin-induced tracheobronchial calcification after Fontan surgery.
Type A interrupted aortic arch accompanied by intracranial aneurysms causing subarachnoid hemorrhage in an adult man.
Uncorrected Tetralogy of Fallot, Biventricular Dysfunction, and a Large Pericardial Effusion
Unexplained double-chambered left ventricle associated with contracting right ventricular aneurysm and right atrial enlargement.
Unknown complication of arterial switch operation: resistant hypertension induced by a strong aortic arch angulation.
Unruptured sinus of valsalva aneurysm in a neonate with hypoplastic left heart syndrome: echocardiographic diagnosis and features
Unruptured sinus valsalva aneurysm in bicuspid aortic valve as an unusual cause of seasonal dyspnoea.
Unusual osteonecrosis of the femur, tibia and fibula in an adult patient with a complex cyanotic congenital heart disease
Unusual retinal abnormalities in sisters with tetralogy of Fallot
Usefulness of central venous oxygen saturation monitoring during bidirectional Glenn shunt.
Utility of live/real time three-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography in the assessment and percutaneous intervention of bioprosthetic pulmonary valve stenosis.
Utility of three-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography for diagnosis of unroofed coronary sinus.
Why the new severe aortic insufficiency after mitral and tricuspid valve repair?
