1-year follow-up optical coherence tomography of a "hybrid" neocarina after T-stenting with small protrusion technique using a bioresorbable vascular scaffold and a metallic stent.
47-Year-Old Woman With Chest Pain.
5-Year Follow-Up After Stenting for Iatrogenic Coronary Stenosis Due to Mitral Annuloplasty: Insights With Multiple Imaging Modalities.
83-Year-Old Man With Chronic Kidney Disease, Fluid Overload, and Coronary Artery Disease Develops Altered Mental Status.
A 16-year-old with ST elevation myocardial infarction: case report and review of the literature.
A 24-year-old male with acute coronary syndrome due to the circumflex coronary artery thrombosis. Diagnostic challenge in everyday practice.
A 42-year-old woman collapses in a park
A 54-year-old woman with a single coronary artery and watershed ischemia treated with nitrates.
A 66-year-old woman with prolonged chest pain.
A case of ascending aortic dissection mimicking acute myocardial infarction and complicated with pericardial tamponade.
A case of cardio-pulmonary arrest caused by anomalous origin of left main coronary artery from right sinus of valsalva.
A case of repetitive and simultaneous stent thromboses.
A case of ST elevation myocardial infarction immediately following OHT with a 28-year-old donor heart.
A Case With Apical Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy, Multiple Coronary Artery-Left Ventricular Fistulae, and a Morphological Structure Mimicking Left Ventricular Noncompaction: Statue of Cerberus or Double-Headed Eagle?
A cold taken to heart.
A honeycomb-like structure in chronic total occlusion demonstrated by frequency-domain optical coherence tomography.
A large mass inside the left atrium?
A mimic of anterior wall myocardial infarction.
A missed penalty kick triggered coronary death in the husband and broken heart syndrome in the wife.
A Myocardial Infarction During Intravenous Recombinant Tissue Plasminogen Activator Infusion for Evolving Ischemic Stroke.
A near miss! Severe multivessel coronary artery spasm.
A New Surgical Repair Technique for Ischemic Total Papillary Muscle Rupture.
A Novel Cause of Acute Coronary Syndrome Due to Dynamic Extrinsic Coronary Artery Compression by a Rib Exostosis: Multimodality Imaging Diagnosis.
A patient with a biventricular pacemaker presenting with chest pain.
A Patient With Kawasaki's Disease and Increasing Breathlessness.
A rare case of a carcinoid myocardial mass.
A rare case of left internal mammary artery disease before bypass surgery.
A Rare Case of Single Coronary Artery with Atherosclerotic Lesions Arising from the Right Sinus of Valsalva.
A Rare Case of Spontaneous Dissection in a Left Internal Mammary Artery Bypass Graft in Acute Coronary Syndrome.
A rare cause of cardiogenic shock.
A rare coronary anomaly consisting of a single right coronary ostium in an adult undergoing surgical coronary revascularization: a case report and review of the literature.
A Shocking Development in a Young Male Athlete With Chest Pain.
A significant 'coronary steal' by thebesian veins, a rare congenital coronary defect masquerading as acute coronary syndrome.
A young woman with a heart attack?
Accidental Extraction of a Stent Implanted 3 Years Earlier by a Dislodged Stent: A Rare Complication of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
Acute Anterior ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction Caused by Occlusion of Right Coronary Artery.
Acute coronary obstruction following transcatheter aortic valve implantation: Small vessels, big problems.
Acute coronary syndrome and platypnoea-orthodeoxia with thoracic and interauricular septal aneurysms.
Acute coronary syndrome and scombroid syndrome
Acute coronary syndrome caused by left main coronary artery compression between the aortic root and massive dilation of the left atrium.
Acute coronary syndrome or Takotsubo cardiomyopathy: The suspect may not always be the culprit.
Acute myocardial infarction after cilostazol use in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Acute Myocardial Infarction Caused by Left Main Coronary Artery Compression as a Result of a Mycotic Aneurysm of the Sinus of Valsalva.
Acute myocardial infarction due to left anterior descending coronary artery dissection after rubber bullet shooting.
Acute myocardial infarction due to simultaneous occlusions of the left anterior descending artery and right coronary artery.
Acute myocardial infarction following thalidomide treatment for AIDS-related ulcers.
Acute myocardial infarction in a young woman with rheumatoid arthritis.
Acute myocardial infarction with "wrap around" right coronary artery mimicking Takotsubo cardiomyopathy: a case report.
Acute Orthotopic Heart Transplantation Rejection With ST-Segment Elevation in Leads I and aVL.
Acute rupture of a thin cap fibroatheroma: value of multimodality imaging.
Acute Stanford type B aortic dissection occurred simultaneously with acute myocardial infarction.
Acute STEMI in the setting of a single coronary artery anomaly
Adult left-ventricular diverticulum and patent ductus arteriosus misdiagnosed as coronary artery disease with infarct aneurysm: a case report.
Advanced A-V block in acute inferior myocardial infarction.
An acute myocardial infarction due to Brucella prosthetic valve endocarditis starting shortly after the onset of non-specific symptoms.
An Elderly Patient With Palpitation and a Negative Nuclear Stress Test Result.
An extensive discrepancy in myocardial uptake of thallium-201 and iodine-123 BMIPP in a patient with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated using postconditioning with lactate-enriched blood.
An Extraordinary Case Associated with an Allergic Reaction to Clopidogrel: Coronary Artery Spasm or Kounis Syndrome?
An IVUS image report of coronary spasm induced by biodegradable-polymer drug-eluting stent.
An Overlooked Cardiac Adverse Effect of Letrozol Therapy: Myocardial Infarction due to Coronary Thrombus Formation.
An Unusual Complication After Bioresorbable Scaffold Implantation: Visualization of Intramural Hematoma by Optical Coherence Tomography.
Anatomic and metabolic imaging of left main coronary artery involvement in a patient with Takayasu arteritis.
Anomalous origin of the left coronary artery from the pulmonary trunk
Aortic Dissection Manifesting as ST-Segment-Elevation Myocardial Infarction.
Aortic Valve Cusps Decalcification Complicated by an Embolic Myocardial Infarction Treated by Transradial Intracoronary Embolectomy
Application of fractional flow reserve and optical coherence tomography examinations in a patient presenting with recurrent angina: a case report.
Atypical "vacuum" inside of neoatherosclerosis long term after DES implantation: insights from optical coherence tomography.
Awake extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for very high-risk coronary angioplasty.
Bailout left main bioresorbable vascular scaffolding for the treatment of iatrogenic coronary dissection induced by guiding catheter and sticky ABSORB bioresorbable vascular scaffold balloon.
Bilateral Giant Coronary Artery Aneurysms Complicated by Acute Coronary Syndrome and Cardiogenic Shock.
Bowel pseudo-obstruction following an acute ST elevation myocardial infarction.
Can coronary computed tomography angiography replace invasive angiography? Yes: it is all about finding the right test for the right person at the right time.
Cardiac manifestations of Sneddon's syndrome.
Cardiac Myxoma With Unusual Obstructive and Embolic Presentations: Concurrent Stroke and Angiography-Negative Myocardial Infarction--A Case Report.
Cardiac testing in an asymptomatic 42-year-old man.
Cardioembolic acute myocardial infarction associated with apical ballooning: Considerations.
Case Records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Case 19-2015. A 71-Year-Old Man with Chest Pain and Shortness of Breath.
Case Records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Case 30-2015: A 50-Year-Old Man with Cardiogenic Shock.
Chest Pain and a Wide QRS Tachycardia.
Chest Pain Post-Aortic Valve Surgery: Is It Serious?
CMR to distinguish Takotsubo cardiomyopathy from myocardial infarction in acute course of ischemic stroke in a male patient.
Cocaine-induced isolated right ventricular infarction.
Combination refusion therapy for a hemodynamically unstable patient with acute myocardial infarction complicated by acute ischemic stroke within a time window.
Combined total-arterial, off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting and transaortic transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Competencies in palliative care for cardiology fellows.
Complete rupture of the anterolateral papillary muscle caused by coronary spasm.
Congenital coronary artery anomalies in Kawasaki Disease.
Contrast media induced myocardial infarction in patient with subtotal LAD occlusion.
Coronary arterovenous fistula: to treat or not to treat?
Coronary artery bypass grafting in Takayasu's disease--importance of the proximal anastomosis: a case report.
Coronary artery embolism from infectious endocarditis treated with catheter thrombectomy using a GuideLiner catheter.
Coronary artery fenestration guided by optical coherence tomograhy before stenting: new interventional option in rescue management of compressive spontaneous intramural hematoma.
Coronary artery fistula causing angina pectoris after cardiac surgery — An interesting pathophysiologic link.
Coronary artery rupture caused by stent infection: a rare complication.
Coronary artery spasm: mimicry, misdiagnosis and misfortune.
Coronary artery stenting in a patient with progeria.
Coronary bones.
Coronary computed tomography angiography of spontaneous coronary artery dissection: a case report and review of the literature.
Coronary strictures, intraluminal thrombus and aneurysms: Unreported imaging appearance of ALCAPA syndrome post Takeuchi procedure.
Coronary Subclavian Steal Syndrome and Acute Anterior Myocardial Infarction: A New Treatment Dilemma in the Era of Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
Coronary Thrombosis without Dissection following Blunt Trauma.
Coronary vasospasm after dobutamine stress echocardiogram triggered by esmolol.
Corticosteroids and Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection: A New Predisposing Factor?
Cyphering the mechanism of late failure of bioresorbable vascular scaffolds in percutaneous coronary intervention of the left main coronary artery.
Decision making in a presumptive case of STEMI-like myocarditis.
Dengue Myopericarditis Mimicking Acute Myocardial Infarction.
Development of Late Stent Malapposition After Paclitaxel-Coated Balloon Angioplasty for In-Stent Neoatherosclerosis.
Dexamethasone Associated ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction Four Days after an Unremarkable Coronary Angiogram-Another Reason for Cautious Use of Steroids: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Diagnosis of Free-Wall Rupture by Left Ventricular Angiogram After Inferior ST-Segment-Elevation Myocardial Infarction.
Diagnostic relevance of optical coherence tomography imaging in aborted acute myocardial infarction with a "Takotsubo component".
Different optical coherence tomography findings for intracoronary stripe-like filling defects on coronary angiogram in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Distortion of the left anterior descending coronary artery after pulmonary valve replacement.
Drug-coated balloon angioplasty: An intriguing alternative for the treatment of coronary chronic total occlusions.
Drug-coated balloon without stent implantation for chronic total occlusion of coronary arteries: Description of a new strategy with an optical coherence tomography assistance.
Drug-Eluting Stent Implantation on Calcified Nodule: Ex Vivo Intravascular Images and Histopathology.
Drug-eluting stent treatment of left main coronary artery disease: the case for a sirolimus-eluting, autoexpandable alternative. An optical coherence tomography analysis.
Drug-resistant vasospastic angina pectoris with plaque erosion in the focal spastic lesion confirmed with coronary angioscopy.
Dual RCA: culprit or companion.
Early development of coronary artery aneurysms after implantation of biolimus-eluting stent with biodegradable polymer.
Effect of tumor necrosis factor inhibitor treatment on proximal right coronary chronic total occlusion in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
Elevated Troponin I in the Absence of Coronary Artery Disease: A Case Report With Review of Literature.
Eosinophilic Myocarditis Presenting as ST-segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction Diagnosed with Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Eosinophilic myocarditis: a paraneoplastic event.
Esophagus perforation and myocardial penetration caused by swallowing of a foreign body leading to a misdiagnosis of acute coronary syndrome: a case report.
Excess anterior mitral leaflet in a patient with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy and systolic anterior motion.
Excimer Laser Angioplasty-Facilitated Fracturing of Napkin-Ring Peri-Stent Calcium in a Chronically Underexpanded Stent: Documentation by Optical Coherence Tomography.
Exclusion of a giant aneurysm post-Kawasaki disease with novel polyurethane covered stents.
Exercise Treadmill Testing.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in adults with cardiogenic shock.
Extreme prolongation of sinus node recovery time in a coronary artery disease patient.
Fate of side-branch jailing and a malapposed platinum marker after resorption of an everolimus-eluting bioresorbable vascular scaffold: serial optical coherence tomography observations.
First report of simultaneous transcatheter aortic valve replacement, endovascular aortic aneurysm repair, and permanent pacemaker implantation after multi-vessel coronary stenting and left atrial appendage occlusion.
First US experience following FDA approval of the ABBOTT vascular bioresorbable vascular scaffold for the treatment of coronary artery disease.
Fractional flow reserve of non-culprit vessel post-myocardial infarction: is it reliable?
Fractional flow reserve, an effective preoperative guideline to a patient with a huge coronary artery fistula and tandem stenosis.
Fulminant lymphocytic myocarditis mimicking ST-elevation myocardial infarction.
Giant J Waves and ST-Segment Elevation Associated With Acute Gastric Distension.
Giant right coronary artery fistula to the coronary sinus: multimodal imaging.
Guidezilla guide extension catheter facilitated the delivery of long and bulky In.Pact Falcon drug-coated balloon for the treatment of chronic total occlusion lesion.
Hazy filling defect on coronary angiography: insights from optical coherence tomography.
Hybrid Strategy for Long Diffuse Coronary Lesion.
Iatrogenic anterior myocardial infarction secondary to ergometrine-induced coronary artery spasm during dilation and curettage for an incomplete miscarriage.
Iatrogenic Aortocoronary Arteriovenous Fistula: Percutaneous Management of a Surgical Complication.
Identification of the STEMI-equivalent de Winter Electrocardiogram Pattern After Ventricular Fibrillation Cardiac Arrest: A Case Report.
IgG4-related systemic disease with coronary arteritis and aortitis, causing recurring critical coronary ischemia.
IMAGES IN CLINICAL MEDICINE. Cocaine-Induced Coronary-Artery Vasospasm.
IMAGES IN CLINICAL MEDICINE. Right Ventricular Infarction.
IMAGES IN CLINICAL MEDICINE. Ventricular Septal Defect after Acute Myocardial Infarction.
Images in emergency medicine. Man With Chest Pain. Acute non-ST elevation myocardial infarction.
Imaging Comparison of a Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold by High-Frequency Intravascular Ultrasound and Optical Coherence Tomography.
Importance of IVUS in the treatment with retrograde approach of a long in-stent chronic total occlusion of ostial right coronary artery: A case report.
Impressive progression of coronary artery disease assessed by serial multimodality imaging in a 40 year-old patient with Behçet's disease.
In-stent restenosis in a polytetrafluoroethylene covered stent combined with drug eluting stents: potential pathogenesis revealed by optical coherence tomography.
Instant Stent-Accentuated 3-Dimensional Optical Coherence Tomography of Struts Pulled Up by Pulling Stuck Wire and Folded by Kissing Balloon Dilation.
Intimal exfoliation following abnormal circular proliferation as a cause for acute coronary syndrome in a patient with polycythemia vera.
Intracoronary blood sampling with a microcatheter for the diagnosis of giant infective coronary aneurysm: Melioidosis of coronary artery mycotic aneurysm.
Intraprocedural stent thrombosis, antithrombin-III dependent heparin resistance and crush technique for bifurcation lesions: the "Devil's Triangle".
Intravascular ultrasound observation of an obstruction of the left main coronary artery caused by displaced leaflet calcification and hematoma after transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Ischaemic chest pain in a 65-year-old man.
Ischaemic stroke after ST-elevation myocardial infarction.
Ischemic colitis as a complication of acute myocardial infarction.
Kawasaki disease and coronary intervention: A word of caution.
Late Presentation of Left Main Coronary Artery Impingement Post-Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement.
Late Structural Discontinuity as a Possible Cause of Very Late Everolimus-Eluting Bioresorbable Scaffold Thrombosis.
Late-acquired scaffold malapposition and discontinuity that may be attributable to pathological coronary ectasia: Insights from optical coherence tomography.
Left anterior descending coronary artery fistula to left ventricle: The revenge of a well treated myocardial infarction in the era of primary percutaneous angioplasty.
Left atrial myxoma presenting as acute coronary syndrome.
Left atrial thrombosis due to heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Left main coronary artery and ostial left anterior descending coronary artery stenting in a single coronary artery during NSTEMI. The OCT response.
Left main coronary embolization after direct current cardioversion for persistent atrial flutter in the absence of detectable intracardiac thrombi.
Left Main Ostial Compression in a Patient with Pulmonary Hypertension: Dynamic Findings by IVUS.
Left Main Percutaneous Coronary Intervention and Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement in a Young Male with Rheumatic Heart Disease and Porcelain Aorta.
Left ventricular pseudoaneurysm following undiagnosed myocardial infarction: the curious case of the woman with three ventricles.
Local Hemodynamics: An Innocent Bystander or a Critical Factor Regulating Neoatherosclerotic Evolution?
MacCallum plaque causes acute myocardial infarction in a young man.
Malignant Course of Anomalous Left Coronary Artery Causing Sudden Cardiac Arrest: A Case Report and Review of the Literature.
Managing bioabsorbable vascular scaffold failure: combined scaffold restenosis and late-acquired coronary aneurysm treated with self-expandable stent.
Massive coronary air embolism successfully treated with intracoronary catheter aspiration and intracoronary adenosine.
Mesenteric Ischemia Mimicking ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction.
Multimodality Imaging of Giant Right Coronary Aneurysm and Postsurgical Coronary Artery Inflammation.
Multiple Coronary Artery Aneurysms of the Right Coronary Artery in Neonate with Pulmonary Atresia with Intact Ventricular Septum.
Multiple infective coronary arteritis complicated with bacterial pericarditis.
Multiple Stent Fractures After Everolimus-Eluting Stent Implantation Causing Acute Myocardial Infarction: A Case Report.
Myocardia ischemia associated with a myocardial bridge with no significant atherosclerotic stenosis.
Myocardial bridging in a man with non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction.
Myocardial infarction after physical exertion in a healthy young patient with coronary artery ectasia and sickle cell trait.
Myocardial infarction and rupture after bronchial artery embolization.
Myocardial infarction in a 36-year-old man with combined ABCA1 and APOA-1 deficiency.
Myocardial infarction, symptomatic third degree atrioventricular block and pulmonary embolism caused by thalidomide: a case report.
Myocardial Noncompaction Presenting With Myocardial Bridge: A Case Report.
Near-miss of ruptured myocardial infarction and catheter ablation injury associated with lethal cardiac tamponade.
Neo-ostium creation for anomalous aortic origin of the coronary artery.
Neoatherosclerosis as the cause of late failure of a bioresorbable vascular scaffold.
New polyurethane covered stent with low profile for treatment of a large aneurysm after Left Anterior Descending artery stenting: First experience.
New-onset coronary aneurism and late-acquired incomplete scaffold apposition after full polymer jacket of a chronic total occlusion with bioresorbable scaffolds.
nterosseous artery collaterals and their support to ulno-palmar arch: A case report and a review of the literature.
OCT-guided management in a patient with anterior STEMI
One-Year Coverage by Optical Coherence Tomography of a Bioresorbable Scaffold Neocarina: Is It Safe to Discontinue Dual-Antiplatelet Therapy?
Optical coherence tomography evidence of spontaneous healing of an intramural coronary hematoma.
Optical coherence tomography follow-up after bioresorbable in metallic and metallic in bioresorbable stenting: tackling in-stent restenosis in the era of bioresorbable vascular scaffolds.
Percutaneous closure of post-myocardial infarction ventricular septal rupture in patients with ventricular septal rupture and apical thrombus: first case in literature.
Percutaneous Coronary Artery Bypass for Type 3 Coronary Perforation.
Percutaneous coronary intervention driven by combined use of intracoronary anatomy and physiology: Towards a tailored therapy for coronary artery disease.
Percutaneous Coronary Intervention of an Anomalous Left Main Coronary Artery Arising from the Right Sinus of Valsalva.
Percutaneous mitral annuloplasty in a patient with coronary sinus stenosis and coronary artery compression during procedure; they will not interfere.
Percutaneous recanalization of a chronic total left main coronary artery occlusion in an 8-year-old child after arterial switch surgery.
Percutaneous Revascularization in a Patient With a "Double Heart".
Perioperative Management to Reduce Cardiovascular Events.
Phantom stent thrombosis: intracoronary imaging insights.
Plasmacytic Aortitis with Occlusion of the Right Coronary Artery.
Positive Vessel Remodeling and Appearance of Pulsatile Wall Motion at Long-Term Follow-Up After Bioresorbable Scaffold Implantation in a Chronic Total Occlusion.
Postprocedural Blue Toes
Preoperative Testing--A Bridge to Nowhere: A Teachable Moment.
Prosthetic Aortic Valve Endocarditis with Left Main Coronary Artery Embolism: A Case Report and Review of the Literature
Pseudo-aneurism with systolic compressive effect on the left coronary artery: a rare complication after infective endocarditis.
Rare Case of Aortopulmonary Window With Anomalous Origin of Right Coronary Artery.
Reconstruction of an extracardiac aortocoronary collateral and simulation of selective angiography with multidetector-row computed tomography.
Recurrent acute coronary syndrome and restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention in a patient with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura: a case report and literature review.
Recurrent angina caused by coronary subclavian steal syndrome confirmed by positron emission tomography.
Recurrent coronary vasospasm-induced acute coronary syndrome complicated by cardiac arrest.
Recurrent Myocardial Infarctions Due to Thrombosis of a Coronary Aneurysm in Neurofibromatosis Type 1: Is Antiplatelet Treatment Enough?
Recurrent Neoatherosclerosis After Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold Treatment of In-Stent Restenosis.
Recurrent right coronary artery occlusion caused by cardiac fibroelastoma attached to the aortic valve.
Recurrent spontaneous coronary artery dissection: Unexpected evolution and major role of emotional stress.
Recurrent ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction: What is the Aetiology?
Refractory hypoxaemia following inferior ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction: case report of an unusual complication and review of treatment strategies.
Regression of severe bare metal stent restenosis: IVUS and OCT findings.
Repair of post-infarction left ventricular free wall rupture using an extracellular matrix patch.
Rescue Coronary Artery Bypass Grafting in a Neonate After Arterial Switch Operation: A Temporary or a Lifetime Solution?
Restenosis After Drug-Eluting Stent Implantation in a Patient With Polycythemia Vera: Optical Coherence Tomography and Pathological Findings.
Retrograde approach to an ostial left anterior descending chronic total occlusion through a left internal mammary artery graft.
Retrograde externalization of a Floppy RotaWire in a chronic total occlusion.
Right Ventricular Free Wall Hematoma: Contemporary Multimodal Imaging.
Right ventricular tombstoning as a Brugada phenocopy.
Self limitation of coronary pseudoaneurysm after transluminal coronary rotational atherectomy.
Severe angina pectoris in asthma attack: a case report.
Severe Generalized Resistant Spasm of the Right Coronary Artery Causing Hemodynamic Collapse After Stenting.
Severe myocardial ischaemia after neonatal arterial switch operation.
Sheathless transradial coronary angioplasty in an achondroplasic patient with ST elevation myocardial infarction.
Shock After Successful Primary Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for Ventricular Fibrillation.
Side branch occlusion after bioresorbable vascular scaffold implantation: lessons from optimal coherence tomography.
Simplifying the double kissing (DK) crush with the use of bioresorbable scaffolds.
Sinus of Valsalva aneurysm causing extrinsic compression of the left main coronary artery.
Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection in Loeys-Dietz Syndrome: Role of Optical Coherence Tomography in Diagnosis and Management.
Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection/Intramural Haematoma in Young Women with ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction: "It Is Not Always a Plaque Rupture Event".
Spontaneous coronary artery rupture presenting as an acute coronary syndrome evolved in pseudoaneurysm and cardiac tamponade: Case report and literature review.
Spontaneous healing of spontaneous coronary artery dissection after balloon angioplasty: Follow-up for over 9 months using optical coherence tomography and intravascular ultrasound.
ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction 33 Days after Lung Transplant in a Patient with Non-Significant CAD before Transplantation: A Case Report.
ST-Segment Elevation Interpretation on Electrocardiogram: To Cath or Not to Cath?
ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction with anomalous right coronary artery originating from the mid-left anterior descending artery.
ST-Segment Elevation With Exercise.
Stent thrombosis after vitamin K administration.
Stent-assisted coil embolization for the treatment of aneurysm involving a coronary bifurcation.
Subepicardial Aneurysm That Was Diagnosed by Cardiac Imaging and Underwent Successful Surgery.
Successful Emergency PCI in a Case With AMI Induced by Two-Vessel Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection.
Successful percutaneous coronary intervention for multivessel stenosis complicated by a huge coronary artery fistula with the combined physiology and intracoronary anatomy techniques.
Successful percutaneous coronary intervention with GuideLiner® catheter for subtotal occlusive lesion in the right coronary artery with anomalous origin from the left sinus of Valsalva: a case report.
Successful primary coronary angioplasty for acute inferior myocardial infarction in a patient with RII-type single coronary artery.
Successful primary PCI after simultaneous two vessel subacute stent thrombosis, despite continuous dual antiplatelet therapy.
Successful stenting with optical frequency domain imaging guidance for spontaneous coronary artery dissection.
Successful treatment of recurrent carotid in-stent restenosis and drug-eluting balloon failure with a coronary bioresorbable vascular scaffold: A case report.
Sudden death associated with silent myocardial infarction in a 35-year-old man: a case report.
Superdominant left-circumflex artery supplying significant proportion of RCA and LAD territory.
Tackling a case of a stent lost in calcified right coronary artery: a novel implication of intravascular ultrasound.
Takayasu arteritis involving the left main coronary artery treated with a bioresorbable vascular scaffold.
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy and co-existing coronary artery disease.
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy caused by epinephrine-treated bee sting anaphylaxis: a case report.
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy in a young woman with coronary hypoplasia detected at CT-scan.
Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy With Significant Coronary Stenosis and Atrioventricular Conduction Block: A Rare Case Report With 3 Year Follow-Up.
The brain of STEMI.
The butler did it! A very late stent thrombosis of TAXUS evaluated with Optical Coherence Tomography.
The importance of evaluating patients with MINOCA (myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries)
The novel use of heart transplantation for the management of a case with multiple complications after acute myocardial infarction.
The Recommendation for Stenting in Stable Coronary Artery Disease--Ignoring the Evidence, Excluding the Patient: A Teachable Moment.
The reverse accordion effect
The role of multi-modality imaging to investigate and manage anomalous right coronary artery originating from the pulmonary artery (ARCAPA) anomaly with associated coronary aneurysms presenting as acute left ventricular failure.
The world's longest follow-up after percutaneous coronary intervention, 37 years and still going strong.
Thoracic Sympathectomy for Severe Refractory Multivessel Coronary Artery Spasm.
Thrombocytopenia in acute coronary syndromes: etiologies and proposed management.
Ticagrelor-induced acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis.
Transcatheter closure of a post-myocardial infarction ventricular septal rupture using a parachute device.
Transplantation of a Donor Heart Following a Lightning Strike: MRI Identification of Myocardial Injury.
Treating and healing coronary artery ectasia disease with Bioresorbable Vascular Scaffold.
Unexpected Stealing From the Heart.
Unique case of ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction related to paradoxical embolization and simultaneous pulmonary embolization: clinical considerations on indications for patent foramen ovale closure in no-guidelines land.
Unique coronary artery anomaly: three separate coronary artery ostia within one coronary sinus.
Use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for mechanical circulatory support in a patient with 5-fluorouracil induced acute heart failure.
Use of intracoronary imaging in ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction with coronary artery aneurysm and very late stent thrombosis.
Vasospastic Angina in Identical Twins.
Ventriculography to Identify Ventricular Free-Wall Rupture in Acute Coronary Syndrome.
Very late bioresorbable vascular scaffold thrombosis due to late device recoil.
Very late thrombosis observed on optical coherence tomography 22 months after the implantation of a polymer-based bioresorbable vascular scaffold.
Warfarin Monotherapy in Atrial Fibrillation Patients With Stable Coronary Disease One Year After Myocardial Infarction/Stent: Two Birds With One Stone?
Watch out for the WATCHMAN.
Well-described concertina effect during coronary angioplasty.
Wellens' syndrome in a 22-year-old man.
Wenckebach-Second-Degree Heart Block and the Company It Keeps.
What to Expect From the Evolving Field of Geriatric Cardiology.
When collateral damage does matter: iatrogenic ventricular septal rupture after percutaneous coronary intervention of the left anterior descending artery.
Woven Coronary Artery Disease Successfully Managed with Percutaneous Coronary Intervention: A New Case Report.
