18-FDG PET/ CT Scan in the Diagnosis and Follow-up of Chronic Q fever Aortic Valve Endocarditis.
5-Year Follow-Up After Stenting for Iatrogenic Coronary Stenosis Due to Mitral Annuloplasty: Insights With Multiple Imaging Modalities.
A 40-year-old man with bicuspid aortic valve and huge LV.
A 61-year-old man with hyperpigmentation. Ochronosis.
A 70-year-old man with dyspnoea and diastolic murmur.
Acquired Gerbode defect following endocarditis of the tricuspid valve: a case report and literature review.
A Cranial-Sided Approach for Repeated Mitral Periprosthetic Leak After Right Pneumonectomy.
Acute Right Coronary Artery Occlusion After Tricuspid Valve Ring Annuloplasty.
A double barrelled myxoma.
A familial cluster of left ventricular non-compaction and mitral valve prolapse.
A Heart With Quadruple Atria: Does it Exist?
A Highly Mobile Mass in the Anterior Left Ventricular Outflow Tract Immediately Beneath a Heavily Calcified, Stenotic Aortic Valve: Vegetation, Thrombus, or Neoplasm?
A Hybrid Double Access for Transcatheter Mitral Valve-In-Valve Implantation.
A little innocent heart murmur in a child with accessory mitral valve tissue.
An alternative method of percutaneous mitral valvuloplasty. Matching electrophysiology with interventional cardiology techniques.
A new entity in an immunosuppressive patient: Giant reverse kissing vegetation.
An Incidentally Discovered Pedunculated Degenerative Cyst on the Aortic Valve.
An intriguing case report of functional mitral regurgitation treated with MitraClip.
Anomalous Origin of the Circumflex Artery: An Underestimated Threat During Mitral Valve Operation.
Anterior Mitral Leaflet Perforation During Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement in a Patient With Mitral Annular Calcification.
An Unreported Congenital Anomaly: Aneurysm of the Lateral Half of the Mitral Valve.
An Unusual Case of Double-Orifice Mitral Valve Associated with D-Transposition of Great Arteries and Left-Side Heart Anomalies.
An unusual cause of dynamic left ventricular outflow obstruction: An unusual case of dynamic LVOTO.
Aortic and Mitral Valve Replacement Due to Extensive Inflammatory Immunoglobulin G4-Related Pseudotumor.
Aortic and right ventricular rupture in a patient after transcatheter aortic valve implantation; The direction of the calcification predicts aortic annulus rupture.
Aortic Dissection With Severe Aortic Regurgitation.
Aortic Translocation for Repair of Transposition of the Great Arteries (S,D,L) With Ventricular Septal Defect and Pulmonic Stenosis.
Aortic Valve Cusps Decalcification Complicated by an Embolic Myocardial Infarction Treated by Transradial Intracoronary Embolectomy.
A Rare Case of Plastic Bronchitis in an Adult Patient After Cardiopulmonary Bypass.
A rare complication: an attempt of retrieval of an aortic valve wrapped with pig tail catheter during transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Artery fistula causing aortic regurgitation in pulmonary atresia with ventricular septal defect and major aortopulmonary collateral arteries.
A Seedless Grape in the Heart.
Asymptomatic Regional Thinning of Left Ventricle After Mitral Valve Replacement.
Atypical initial presentation of Takayasu arteritis as isolated supra-valvular aortic stenosis.
A Woman in Her 80s With Weakness, Hypoxia, and Bone Marrow Granulomas.
Backward Migration of a MitraClip Through a Patent Transseptal Orifice: The Salmon Syndrome.
Balloon mitral valvotomy in youngest documented rheumatic mitral stenosis patient.
Bicuspid Aortic Stenosis Treated With the Repositionable and Retrievable Lotus Valve.
Bicuspid aortic valve and unruptured sinus of Valsalva aneurysm, a rare association.
Bilateral coronary obstruction in high-risk transcatheter aortic valve-in-valve implantation: When procedural strategy counts.
Bioprosthetic Mitral Transcatheter Transapical Valve-in-Valve Implantation for Mitral Stenosis in an End-Stage Renal Disease Patient.
Bioprosthetic tricuspid valve endocarditis caused by Acinetobacter baumannii complex, a case report and brief review of the literature.
Biventricular Repair of Pulmonary Atresia After Fontan Palliation.
Brock procedure: 52 years of effective palliation for Tetralogy of Fallot.
Buddy wire pre-dilatation with peripheral balloon in an extremely calcified aortic valve. Implications for TAVI.
Calcification of the mitral valve complicated by embolization and subsequent ischemic stroke with haemorrhagic transformation.
Candida and cardiovascular implantable electronic devices: a case of lead and native aortic valve endocarditis and literature review.
Carcinoid Heart Disease without Severe Tricuspid Valve Involvement.
Cardiac resynchronization therapy in low-flow low-gradient aortic stenosis.
Cardiac Sarcoma Arising From Malignant Transformation of a Preexisting Atrial Myxoma.
Cerebral Hyperperfusion Syndrome After Surgical Repair of Congenital Supravalvular Aortic Stenosis.
Cerebral Protection During Mitral Valve Repair in a Patient With Moyamoya Syndrome.
Challenges of valve surgeries in post-renal transplant patients.
Chest Pain Post-Aortic Valve Surgery: Is It Serious?
Combined Minimally Invasive Redo Mitral Surgery and Pectus Excavatum Correction.
Combined total-arterial, off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting and transaortic transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
Combined Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement and Thoracic Endovascular Aortic Repair Using Transapical Access.
Combined Treatment of an Aortoesophageal Fistula After Aortoplasty for Aortic Stenosis.
Combined tricuspid and pulmonic valve percutaneous replacement in a patient with a Glenn shunt.
Complete Transcatheter Treatment of Degenerated Bioprosthetic Mitral Regurgitation: Transapical Paravalvular Leak Closure Followed by Transseptal Mitral Valve-in-Valve Replacement.
Complex Surgical Repair of a Flail Tricuspid Valve After Chest Wall Trauma in a Pediatric Patient.
Computed tomography guided percutaneous transapical closure of cardiac apex after prosthetic mitral paravalvular leak closure.
Concurrent Minimally Invasive Aortic Valve Replacement and Coronary Artery Bypass via Limited Right Anterior Thoracotomy.
Congenital Absence of One Pulmonary Valve Cusp With Other Hypoplastic Cusps.
Consecutive percutaneous valve-in-valve replacement late after Ross procedure: A novel approach in an adult with congenital heart disease.
Continuous Left Atrial Pressure Monitoring During MitraClip: Assessing the Immediate Hemodynamic Response.
CorMatrix Extracellular Matrix Used for Valve Repair in the Adult: Is There De Novo Valvular Tissue Seen?
Coronary Artery Embolism Following Aortic Valve Replacement.
Coronary Artery Involvement of Williams Syndrome in Infants and Surgical Revascularization Strategy.
Cuff leakage, not paravalvular leakage, in the Carpentier Edwards PERIMOUNT Magna Ease aortic bioprosthesis.
Defying Dogma: Recovery After Left Ventricular Assist Device Implantation and Aortic Valve Replacement for Bicuspid Aortic Valve.
De novo obstruction after supravalvular aortic stenosis repair in Williams-Beuren syndrome.
Descending Aorta Rupture During Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement.
Diagnosis and surgical treatment for isolated tricuspid Libman-Sacks endocarditis: a rare case report and literatures review.
Diagnostic Value of Contrast-Enhanced Multiphase Computed Tomography for Assessment of Percutaneous Pulmonary Valve Obstruction.
Direct Flow Implantation in a Patient With Mechanical Mitral Prostheses
Disuse Atrophy of the Aortic Valve After Left Ventricular Assist Device Implantation.
Dobutamine stress echo for suspected paradoxical low-flow low-gradient severe aortic stenosis: Value of left ventricular wall thickening assessment.
Doubly committed subarterial ventricular septal defect: A risk factor for aortic distortion in patients considered for percutaneous pulmonary valve implantation?
Dyspnoea on exertion in a 15-year-old boy.
Early Bioprosthetic Valve Failure: A Pictorial Review of Rare Causes.
Echocardiographic vs Invasive Measurement of the Direct Flow Transcatheter Aortic Heart Valve Mean Gradient: Contradictory or Complementary?
Echocardiography of a young man with dyspnoea. Subaortic membrane.
Embolization of Left Atrial Appendage Thrombus During Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement: A Potential Mechanism of Periprocedural Stroke.
Emergency Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation for Acute and Early Failure of Sutureless Perceval Aortic Valve.
Endocarditis With Fistulization and Rupture of Aortic Root Abscess to the Left Atrium.
Endovascular Repair for Type A Aortic Dissection After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement With a Medtronic CoreValve.
Excess anterior mitral leaflet in a patient with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy and systolic anterior motion.
Exclusion of a Huge Left Ventricular Outflow Tract Pseudoaneurysm with Konno's Procedure.
Exercise echocardiography in asymptomatic severe aortic stenosis.
Exophytic Atheroma Mimicking Papillary Fibroelastoma Adjacent to the Aortic Valve.
Expanding the Limits of Posterior Aortic Translocation: Biventricular Correction of Complex Transposition With Complete Atrioventricular Septal Defect and Heterotaxy.
Extending the limits for mitral valve replacement in low-weight infants using a stented bovine jugular vein graft.
Extrinsic compression of the left main coronary artery by a contained aortic annular rupture following trans-catheter aortic valve implantation.
First-in-Human Case of Transfemoral CardiAQ Mitral Valve Implantation.
First-in-Human Implantation of a Direct Flow Medical Valve in a Radiolucent Mitral Annuloplasty Ring.
First-in-human transcatheter aortic valve-in-valve replacement with the SAPIEN 3 heart valve.
First-in-Human Transcatheter Pulmonic Valve Implantation Through a Tricuspid Valve Bioprosthesis to Treat Native Pulmonary Valve Regurgitation Caused by Carcinoid Syndrome.
First-in-Man Implantation of a Tricuspid Annular Remodeling Device for Functional Tricuspid Regurgitation.
First-in-Man Percutaneous Transseptal Closure of Paravalvular Regurgitation After Percutaneous Valve-in-Ring Implantation.
First-In-Man Simultaneous Transcatheter Aortic and Mitral Valve Replacement to Treat Severe Native Aortic and Mitral Valve Stenoses.
First Implantation of Repositionable Lotus Valve in a Degenerated Trifecta Bioprosthesis.
First Successful Transfemoral Implantation of an Edwards Sapien XT Valve in a Direct Flow Valve After Early Restenosis.
First surgical implantation of a sutureless valve in the pulmonary outflow tract.
Fool me once, fool me twice: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with aortic stenosis.
Fracturing the Ring of Small Mitroflow Bioprostheses by High-Pressure Balloon Predilatation in Transcatheter Aortic Valve-in-Valve Implantation.
Giant caseous calcification of the mitral annulus identified by three-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography.
Giant Caseous Calcification on Tricuspid Annulus Mimicking Cardiac Metastasis in a Patient with Colon Cancer.
Giant left atrial myxoma that caused mitral valve obstruction and pulmonary hypertension.
Giant left atrium in a 9-year-old child.
Giant Left Atrium with Large Thrombus-Comprehensive Evaluation and Management.
Giant mitral blood cyst: Cardiovascular magnetic resonance imaging features.
Giant Pulmonary Artery Aneurysm in a Patient With Marfan Syndrome and Pulmonary Hypertension.
Giant right atrium due to rheumatic tricuspid valve stenosis.
Gluing of an Aortic Perforation During Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement: An Alternative Treatment for Annular Rupture?
Hemostatic Management of Severe Thrombocytopenia in a Patient Undergoing Pulmonic Valve Replacement.
Huge aneurysm of aortic right coronary sinus in an adult.
Hybrid Approach for Off-Pump Pulmonary Valve Replacement in Patients With a Dilated Right Ventricular Outflow Tract.
IMAGES IN CLINICAL MEDICINE. Lancisi's Sign.
Implantation of a 29 mm Sapien XT valve in a pediatric patient with an unstented right ventricular outflow tract.
In-Graft Endovascular Stenting Repair for Supravalvular Stenosis From Aortic Rupture After Balloon-Expanding Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation.
Interventricular septum aneurysm: Two differently managed cases and association with bicuspid aortic valve.
Intraoperative, Real-Time Three-Dimensional Transesophageal Echocardiography for the Transcatheter Placement of an Edwards SAPIEN Aortic Valve in the Mitral Position for Severe Mitral Stenosis.
Intraoperative Evaluation of Paravalvular Regurgitation by Transesophageal Echocardiography.
Intraprocedural balloon dilation of the direct flow medical transcatheter aortic valve: First United States experience.
Inverted Prosthetic Valve Detected by Transesophageal Echocardiography After Mitral Valve Replacement.
Isolated Pulmonary Valve Endocarditis.
Jailing of a Pacemaker Lead During Tricuspid Valve-in-Valve Implantation With an Edwards SAPIEN XT Transcatheter Heart Valve.
Large aortic root hematoma mimicking left atrial mass in a cardiac postoperative patient.
Large patent ductus arteriosus in a 44-year-old woman leading to calcium deposition in the left atrium and mitral and aortic valves.
Late Presentation of Left Main Coronary Artery Impingement Post-Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement.
Late presentation of traumatic aortic regurgitation.
Left ventricular non-compaction revealed by aortic regurgitation due to Kawasaki disease in a boy with LDB3 mutation.
Left Ventricular Outflow Tract Obstruction After a Mitral Valve Repair.
Left Ventricular Pseudoaneurysm after Aortic Valve Bypass Implantation.
Left Ventricular Side Obstructive Pannus Formation after Rheumatic Mitral Valve Replacement with Preservation of the Subvalvular Apparatus.
Lethal Aorto-Right Ventricular Defect After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation in a Patient With Radiation-Induced Porcelain Aorta: Notes of Caution.
Liquefaction necrosis of mitral annulus calcification.
Long anterior mitral leaflet causing outflow tract obstruction in a symptomatic patient with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: The role of mitral valve surgical correction.
Mass attached to mechanical mitral valve mimicking a thrombus.
Mechanism of Torrential Aortic Valve Insufficiency in Endocarditis: Leaflet Destruction, Restriction, Prolapse, or Perforation?
Mechanisms of Mitral Valve Dysfunction Following Mitral Valve Repair for Degenerative Disease.
Melody Valve Bartonella henselae Endocarditis in an Afebrile Teen: A Case Report.
Mending a Darkened Heart: Alkaptonuria Discovered During Aortic Valve Replacement.
Mickey Mouse in the cath lab.
Minimally Invasive Transaortic Mitral Decalcification During Aortic Valve Replacement.
MitraClip after heart transplantation: A case report.
Mitraclip procedure as a bridge therapy in a patient with heart failure listed for heart transplantation.
Mitral degenerative disease mimicking a valvular tumor: a case report.
Mitral paravalvular leak generating a Coanda effect inside the left atrium appendage.
Mitral regurgitation 43 years after commissurotomy by Dr. Denton A. Cooley.
Mitral valve prolapse caused from ruptured mitral chordae tendineae due to an infective endocarditis in cancer patient.
Mitral Valve Prolapse Revisited.
Mitral valve repair after a right pneumonectomy: a minimally invasive approach.
Mitral valve replacement complicated by iatrogenic left ventricular outflow obstruction and paravalvular leak: case report and review of literature.
Mitral valve replacement for inflow obstruction of left ventricular assist device in a child with restrictive cardiomyopathy.
Mitral valve replacement with a transcatheter valve in the setting of severe mitral annular calcification.
Mitral Valve Stenosis Progression Due to Severe Calcification on Glutaraldehyde-Treated Autologous Pericardium: Word of Caution for an Attractive Repair Technique.
Mobile mass lesion in the aorta after transcatheter aortic valve implantation: Thrombus or residue calcification.
Modified Fontan Conversion: An Alternative Technique for Adult Patients.
Multi-modal imaging support in a staging percutaneous pulmonary valve implantation.
Multimodal Evaluation of Aortic Regurgitation After Mitral and Tricuspid Valve Repairs.
Multiple valve surgery for a patient with presternal oesophageal reconstruction.
Narrow, Highly Mobile Structure in the Right Atrium: Large Eustachian Valve, Prominent Chiari Network, Thrombus, Vegetation, or Flail Tricuspid Chordae Tendineae?
Native Mitral Stenosis Treated With Transcatheter Mitral Valve Replacement.
Noninfectious Mitral Annular Disruption: An Unusual Complication of a 25-Meter Fall.
Normally Functioning Cooley-Cutter Mechanical Prosthesis Associated With Ascending Aorta Aneurysm 39 Years After Implantation.
Novel Percutaneous Apical Exclusion of a Left Ventricular Pseudoaneurysm After Complicated Transapical Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement.
Novel Presentation of Flail Mitral Valve.
Novel three-sinus enlargement technique for supravalvular aortic stenosis without aortic transection.
One-stage off-pump transapical mitral valve repair and aortic valve replacement.
Overestimation of paravalvular leak with Edwards SAPIEN 3 transcatheter aortic valve replacement.
Papillary fibroelastoma of the aortic valve in association with rheumatic heart disease: a case report.
Paradoxical low flow/low gradient aortic stenosis: Can cardiopulmonary exercise test help in identifying it?
Paravalvular Leak Leading to Severe Aortic Valve Regurgitation after TAVI: Percutaneous Closure Strategy.
Patch detachment after mitral valve repair with posterior leaflet augmentation: a case report.
Perceval S aortic valve implantation in an achondroplastic Dwarf.
Percutaneous Aortic Balloon Valvuloplasty and Intracardiac Adrenaline in Electromechanical Dissociation as Bridge to Transcatheter Aortic Valve Implantation.
Percutaneous closure of post TAVR LV apical pseudoaneurysm.
Percutaneous Coronary Intervention for Coronary Thrombo-embolism during Balloon Mitral Valvuloplasty in a Pregnant Woman.
Percutaneous mitral annuloplasty in a patient with coronary sinus stenosis and coronary artery compression during procedure; they will not interfere.
Percutaneous Mitral Valve Edge-to-Edge Repair With Simultaneous Biatrial Intracardiac Echocardiography: First-in-Human Experience.
Percutaneous mitral valve repair (PMVR) in a patient with recurrence of mitral regurgitation 17 years after surgical reconstruction.
Percutaneous Paravalvular Leak Closure in "Invisible" Mitral Valve Bioprosthesis Without Radio-Opaque Indicators.
Percutaneous SAPIEN S3 Transcatheter Valve Implantation for Post-Left Ventricular Assist Device Aortic Regurgitation.
Percutaneous Transcatheter Closure for Aortic Puncture and Paravalvular Leak Closure With the New Amplatzer III Device.
Percutaneous transcatheter closure of the aortic valve.
Percutaneous transluminal aortic valve implantation for severe aortic valve stenosis in a patient with severe haemophilia A.
Percutaneous treatment of severe aortic insufficiency in a patient with left ventricular assist device: friend or foe.
Percutaneous tricuspid valve-In-ring replacement for the treatment of recurrent severe tricuspid regurgitation.
Percutaneous Ventricular Septal Defect Closure After Sapien 3 Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement.
Perforation of the Anterior Mitral Leaflet After Impella LP 5.0 Therapy in Cardiogenic Shock.
Pigtail catheter "propping" for MitraClip percutaneous transcatheter mitral valve repair.
Postoperative Migration of an Edwards-SAPIEN XT Mitral Valve-in-Valve Treated With Direct Vision Implantation During Beating-Heart Bypass.
Prosthetic aortic valve endocarditis with pseudoaneurysm complicated by additional rupture of mitral-aortic intervalvular fibrosa.
Prosthetic transvalvular regurgitation diagnosed with three-dimensional transesophageal echocardiography.
Pulmonary artery ablation to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension: a case report.
Pulmonary Artery Reconstruction with Donor Aortic Homograft During Cardiac Transplantation in the Failed Fontan Circulation.
Pulmonary hypertension in patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve replacement: discussion of the current evidence.
Pulmonary Valve Replacement With Balloon-Expandable Prosthesis Under Direct Vision: A Novel Therapeutic Approach.
Real-time three-dimensional transesophageal echocardiographic evaluation of the association of bicuspid aortic valve and mitral posterior leaflet hypoplasia.
Recurrent Balloon Rupture During Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) - Implication for Access Site Choice.
Recurrent candida prosthetic endocarditis over fifteen years managed with medical therapy and four valvular surgeries: a case report and review of literature.
Repair of a Mycotic Coronary Artery Aneurysm with an Intact Prosthetic Aortic Valve.
Repeated Transapical Transcatheter Aortic Valve Insertion.
Repeated Transient Wallenberg's Syndrome: Probable Association with Ipsilateral Vertebral Artery Hypoplasia and Aortic Valve Disease.
Retrograde non trans-septal balloon mitral valvotomy in mitral stenosis with interrupted inferior vena cava, left superior vena cava, and hugely dilated coronary sinus.
Retrograde transcatheter device closure of a complex paravalvular leak after bioprosthetic pulmonary valve replacement in a pediatric patient.
Ruptured mitral valve aneurysm due to infective endocarditis.
Sapien XT Transcatheter Mitral Valve Replacement Under Direct Vision in the Setting of Significant Mitral Annular Calcification.
Severe Acute Traumatic Mitral Regurgitation, Cardiogenic Shock Secondary to Embolized Polymethylmethracrylate Cement Foreign Body After a Percutaneous Vertebroplasty.
Severe Aortic Regurgitation Caused by Unicuspid Aortic Valve Based on Quadricuspid Aortic Valve.
Severely regurgitant left ventricle to ascending aorta conduit in a failing fontan patient treated with a vascular endograft and melody transcatheter pulmonary valve via hybrid approach.
Severely Thrombosed Transcatheter Aortic Valve 9 Months After Implantation.
Severe Mitral Regurgitation After Left Ventricular Pseudoaneurysm Repair.
Severe Mitral Regurgitation Complicating Minimally Invasive Aortic Valve Replacement: Is It Functional or Organic?
Severe Mitral Regurgitation in Hypovolemic Shock Masquerading as Mitral Valve Perforation: A Rising Tide Lifts an Anchor.
Severe Pulmonary Valve Regurgitation 40 Years After Blunt Chest Trauma.
Significant left hemothorax after transapical closure of cardiac apex with minithoracotomy and transapical transcatheter prosthetic mitral paravalvular leak closure.
Significant LVOT obstruction after mitral valve in ring procedure.
Simultaneous percutaneous transcatheter aortic valve replacement and endovascular abdominal aortic aneurysm repair in a high risk patient with hostile aortic neck, a case report.
Single-step surgical procedure for total replacement of the thoracic aorta in a case of Turner syndrome.
Staphylococcus saprophyticus native valve endocarditis in a diabetic patient with neurogenic bladder: A case report.
Strategy in managing anticoagulation therapy following prosthetic heart valve replacement in a patient with dengue fever.
Stroke With Valve Tissue Embolization During Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement Treated With Endovascular Intervention.
Subacute left ventricular outflow tract obstruction after transapical closure of a mitral paravalvular leak in the region of the aortomitral curtain.
Successful balloon dilatation of both orifices in a case of double-orifice mitral valve with severe rheumatic stenosis.
Successful implantation of a second-generation aortic valve in severe aortic regurgitation secondary to a traumatic cusp lesion.
Successful percutaneous implantation of symetis ACURATE neo transcatheter aortic bioprosthesis for the treatment of pure aortic regurgitation.
Successful treatment of meticillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) aortic prosthetic valve endocarditis with prolonged high-dose daptomycin plus ceftaroline therapy.
Successful use of pre and post-operative ECMO for pulmonary endarterectomy, mitral valve replacement and myomectomy in a patient with chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Sudden cardiac death, mitral valve prolapse, and long QT syndrome.
Supra annular position of a transcatheter aortic valve prosthesis: from bed to bench.
Supramitral membrane mimicking posterior mitral valve prolapse.
Supramitral Ring: A Rare Anomaly Presenting with Mitral Inflow Obstruction in Association with an Atrial Septal Defect.
Surgery for Semilunar Valve Regurgitation During Ventricular Assist Device Support in Children.
Surgical correction of persistent truncus arteriosus on a 33-year-old male with unilateral pulmonary hypertension from migration of pulmonary artery band.
Sutureless 3f Enable Valve Implantation in a Failing Bio-Bentall Conduit.
Sutureless aortic valve prosthesis in a calcified homograft.
Sutureless aortic valve replacement in stentless bioprosthesis failure.
Swinging Calcified Amorphous Tumors With Related Mitral Annular Calcification.
Systolic Anterior Motion Obstructing the Pulmonary Outflow Tract After Tricuspid Valve Replacement.
Tackling the bends in transcatheter aortic valve implantation.
The clover technique in endomyocardial biopsy-induced tricuspid regurgitation.
The Forgotten Valve: Isolated Severe Tricuspid Valve Stenosis.
The Impassable Septum: Direct Left Atrial MitraClip Delivery via a Novel Port Access Approach.
The Largest Reported Dissecting Aneurysm of Ascending Aorta Following Aortic Valve Replacement Accompanied by Superior Vena Cava Syndrome.
The spectrum of low-output low-gradient aortic stenosis with normal ejection fraction.
The Sudden Appearance of a Mobile Mass in the Ascending Aorta on Transesophageal Echocardiography After Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement.
Three-Dimensional Echocardiography in the Evaluation of the Dehiscence of Mitral Valve Annuloplasty Ring.
Three-Dimensional Rotational Angiography-Guided Stent Placement for Treatment of Acquired Supravalvar Aortic Stenosis.
Three sea anemones sitting on the aortic valve.
Transaortic, video-assisted removal of a mobile left ventricular apical thrombus in a patient with aortic stenosis and severe left ventricular dysfunction.
Transaortic Repair as Bailout Procedure for Left Atrial Tear in Redo Mitral Valve Surgery via Superior Transseptal Approach.
Transapical Mitral Valve Implantation for the Treatment of Severe Native Mitral Valve Stenosis in a Prohibitive Surgical Risk Patient: Importance of Comprehensive Cardiac Computed Tomography Procedural Planning.
Transapical off-pump Neochord implantation on bileaflet prolapse to treat severe mitral regurgitation.
Transapical transcatheter valve-in-ring implantation for failed mitral valve repair in the absence of radiopaque markers.
Transapical tricuspid valve-in-ring implantation: An alternative approach to a challenging clinical scenario.
Transapical valve-in-valve implantation to treat a regurgitant mitral bioprothesis in a child with failing Fontan circulation.
Transcatheter ACURATE-TA Aortic Valve Implantation in a Patient With a Previous Mechanical Mitral Valve.
Transcatheter Aortic and Mitral Valve Implantation (TAMVI) in Native Rheumatic Valves.
Transcatheter aortic and mitral valve implantation in bioprosthetic valves: When one correction is not enough.
Transcatheter Aortic and Mitral Valve Replacement in a Patient With Critical Aortic and Mitral Valve In-Ring Stenosis.
Transcatheter aortic valve implantation in the young.
Transcatheter aortic valve replacement for native aortic valve regurgitation as a bridge to liver transplantation.
Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement in a Patient With a Previous Bioprosthetic Mitral Valve Replacement: Report of a Delayed Fatal Interaction.
Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement in Bicuspid Aortic Stenosis Using Lotus Valve System.
Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement via Left Anterior Thoracotomy in a Patient With Severe Pectus Excavatum.
Transcatheter implantation of SAPIEN 3 valve in native right ventricular outflow tract for severe pulmonary regurgitation following tetralogy of fallot repair.
Transcatheter Mitral Valve Implantation With the FORTIS Device: Insights Into the Evaluation of Device Success.
Transcatheter pulmonic valve replacement in carcinoid heart disease.
Transcatheter Treatment of Apicoaortic Conduit Dysfunction.
Transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement along with tricuspid paravalvular leak closure in a patient with severe right heart failure and previous transcatheter pulmonary valve replacement.
Transesophageal Echocardiographic Assessment of Left Ventricular Mass.
Transesophageal echocardiography-guided percutaneous intervention for a mitral valve leaflet perforation.
Transfemoral transcatheter aortic valve implantation in a patient with multiple endovascular aortic stents--a case report.
Transfemoral Tricuspid Valve Repair Using a Percutaneous Mitral Valve Repair System.
Transhepatic implant of a trimmed Melody™ valved stent in tricuspid position in a 1-year-old infant.
Transmitral exclusion of a giant congenital left ventricular aneurysm associated with mitral insufficiency in adult.
Transseptal Transcatheter Implantation of a Third-Generation Balloon-Expandable Valve in Degenerated Mitral Bioprosthesis.
Transthoracic and Three-Dimensional Transesophageal Echocardiographic Presentation of Anomalous Circumflex Origin from Right Coronary Artery in Patient with Severe Mitral Stenosis.
Transvalvular mitral regurgitation following mitral valve replacement a diagnostic dilemma.
Transvenous Implantation of a Stent Valve for Calcified Native Mitral Stenosis.
Tricuspid Atresia IIc With a Vascular Ring: Novel Approach for Fontan Completion.
Tricuspid Valve Replacement: A Percutaneous Transfemoral Valve-in-Ring Approach.
Two-Strip Technique to Repair Common Atrioventricular Valve Regurgitation in Single-Ventricle Palliation.
Unexpected Findings in the Left Atrium of a Patient With a Paravalvular Mitral Leak.
Unicuspid unicommissural aortic valve: an extremely rare congenital anomaly.
Unique nonstructural dysfunction of the omnicarbon valve: case report.
Unusual cause of hypoxemia after automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillatorleads extraction.
Unusual complication and mechanical murmur following mitral valve clip insertion in a patient with a CRT-D.
Unusual localization of a primary pleomorphic malignant fibrous histiocytoma on the mitral valve: a case report and review of the literature.
Useful surgical instruments for the resection of subaortic stenosis.
Use of stented bovine pericardial valve for surgical mitral valve replacement in infants.
Venous Strangulation as an Unusual Cause of MitraClip System Delivery Failure.
Ventricular Septal Perforation Caused by the Strut of a Mitral Valve Bioprosthesis.
Very Late Thrombosis of a Transcatheter Aortic Valve-in-Valve.
What the Cardiologist Should Know About Cardiac Involvement in Behçet Disease.
Which valve is which?
Young Woman With Syncope.
